You know that what I do is write for kids, and in fact, I'm probably the author for children, more reading in the U.S.
And I always tell people I don't want to look like a scientist.
I can see you as an agriculture, or with leather clothes, and never ever chose a farmer.
I'm here today to talk about circles and epidemics.
And you know that an epiphany generally is something that fell into some place.
You just have to turn the apple to see it as a epidemic.
That's the painting of a circle.
A friend of mine did that -- Richard Boloca.
It's the kind of complicated circle that I'm going to talk about.
My circle started in the '60s in the middle school, in Steve, Ohio.
When they beat up to salt every week in the bathroom, until a teacher saved me life.
She saved my life by letting me go into the teacher's bathroom.
He did it in secret.
Three years.
And I had to get out of the city.
I had a thumb and 85 dollars, and I ended up in San Francisco, California -- I found a lover -- and in the '80s, I felt the need to start working on organizations that fight AIDS.
About three or four years ago, at night I got a phone call from that teacher, Mr. Post he said, "I need to see you.
I'm desperately an adult that we never get to know about.
You could come to Ohio and please bring that man that I know you've found.
And I have to tell you that I have pancreatic cancer, and I would like you to deal with this please."
Well, the next day we were in Clinton.
We went to see it, we laugh, we cry, and we realized that she needed to be hospital.
We found a place, we put it in, and we care about it, and we got rid of his family, because it was necessary.
It's something we knew how to do.
And as the woman who wanted to meet me as an adult came to me, it became a box of conferences, and it was put in my hands.
And what happened was that the circle had closed up, it had become a circle -- and that epidemic that I told you was present in itself.
The epiphany is that death is part of life.
She saved my life, my partner and I saved her of her.
And you know that that part of life needs everything that the rest of life.
It needs truth and beauty, and I'm very happy to talk about this.
It also needs -- it needs dignity, love and pleasure, and it's our work to provide those things.
Thank you.
As an artist, the connection is very important for me.
Through my work, I'm trying to express that humans are not separate from nature and everything is interconnected.
I went to Antarctica almost 10 years ago, and there I saw my first temporary.
I was amazed.
My heart launch quickly was stranged, trying to understand what was in front of me.
The symbols around me were going out of the water almost 60 meters. And I couldn't even be able to think that it was a kind of snow on another couple of snow after year.
The symbols are born when they get away from the glaciers or they break the ice barriers.
Each size has its own individual personality.
They have a different way of interacting with their environment and their experiences.
Some of them are refused to go up and get down until the end, whereas others can't support it more and display in a dramatic passion.
It's easy to think, when you see a shadow, that are isolated separates and alone, as well as we see ourselves sometimes as humans.
But reality is all the opposite.
As a shadow melts, I'm breathing his ancestral atmosphere.
As a shot is melting a firefly fresh water in minerals that feed many forms of life.
I'm close to photograph these pictures as if it was about the portraits of my ancestors, knowing that at these unique moments there are such a way and will not exist that way again.
It's not the death when they melt away, it's not a end, but a continuation of their way for the cycle of life.
Part of the ice of the symbols that I photographed is very young -- it has a couple of thousands of years.
And another part of the ice is over 100,000 years.
The last pictures I would like to show you are a share that I photographed in Kevin, Greenland.
It's very often going to be actually going to get a round shot.
Here it is.
You can see the left a little boat.
It's about five meters.
And I'd like you to pay attention to the shape of the iceberg and your linear line.
You can see here, it begins to roll up, the ship has moved to the other side and the man is there.
This is a temple of Greenland.
It's about 120 feet or 40 meters.
This video is in real time.
And so northerness, the iceberg shows a different side of their personality.
Thank you.
I want you to imagine two couples in 1979, the same day, exactly at the same time, every one of us getting a baby. Okay.
So, two couples each one with a baby.
I don't want you to stop too much in the details of conception, because if you stop thinking about consciousness itself, you're not going to pay attention.
Let's think about that for a moment.
And on this stage, I want you to imagine that, in a case, the chromosome and the sperm is joined to the X chromosome of the egg.
And in the other case, the X chromosome.
They both press and start life.
Let's go back to talk about them later.
In my own activity I will be able to make two roles.
In one of my roles I work with the story of anatomy.
I'm a history of training, and what I study in this case is the way people open the anatomy -- to say, of human bodies and animals, how they have considered body fluid, the idea of the body, what they've thought about the body.
The other role that I hope in my work is an activist, as patients defense or, as I say sometimes, definition of people who are medical patients.
In this case, I've worked with people whose physical features defy social norms.
I've been working on, for example, simple twins, two people within one body.
I've worked with people with an endless, and people are much lower than average.
And I've worked with many cases of people with attacking sex, individuals whose physical psychology doesn't fit in male and conventional shames.
In general lines, we can call it intelligent.
The intelligence adopted many ways.
I'm going to put you some examples in ways of having a sex that doesn't fit into the male or female forms.
For example, there is the case of the individual with criminal base 11 whose SRI gene of the chromosome and tells the prototypes, that we all have in the ugly life, that become technical.
And then, in the metal life, the testicles produce testosterone.
But because this individual lacks of testosterone, the body doesn't react to the same.
It's the sentence of inspiration to the engineers.
So, there are high levels of testosterone, but no reaction.
As a consequence, the body develops a typical female course.
When I born, the baby is a little girl.
It's a girl. It's raised as a child.
And often, it's not to the puberty, when it's growing and developing the sensors, but it doesn't have the menstrual period, when someone realizes something is happening.
After doing tests you realize that instead of having seven and a third things, it actually has testicles and a chromosome.
The important thing to understand is that you can think it's a man, but it's actually not like that.
Women, like men, we have in the body something called surgery glass.
They're at the top of the body.
Surface glands produce angular glasses, the hormone of muscle.
Most women like me -- I consider a typical woman, doesn't know its criminal structure, I believe to be a typical woman most women like me are sensitive to engineers.
We produce angular and respond to the engineers.
As a consequence, someone like me has the most exposed brain to engineers that the woman who was born with testicles that have the sense of inspiration to the engineers.
So sex is a complicated thing. It's not that the insects are in the middle of the spectrum -- in some ways can be everywhere.
Another example: a few years ago I got a call from a 19-year-old girl born and raised as they were -- he had a girlfriend, and he had sex relationships with her, he took a life as a boy, and he had just discovered that he had seven and a half.
He had an extreme way of a disease known as a confused hypothesis hypothesis.
He had 20th crimes and in the third subject the supermassive glands were so active that essentially they created a male hormone environment.
As a consequence, their genitals were male -- their brain was exposed to the typically male component of the hormone thing.
I was born with a child, no one suspect anything.
And it was at the age of 19, when he started having medical problems caused by internal mentor, when doctors found that in fact, it was a woman inside.
Well, another quick example of a case of intelligence.
Some people with collections developed what you know as a software, that is to say, they have wind tissue wrapped up in television tissue.
We don't know why that happens.
So, there's a lot of sex.
The reason that children with these kinds of bodies are failed, and it's first twins -- or insulterial schools, and intense surgeries are taken out of normal surgeries not to be able to get better physical health.
In many cases, people are perfectly healthy.
The reason you get to various surgeries is that they're a threat for our social categories.
The system is usually based on the idea that a particular anatomy brings a particular identity.
We have the idea that being a woman is to have female identity, supposed to be black means having African anatomy in historical terms.
There's a terribly simplistic idea.
And when you present a body that shows something quite different, we have problems with catastrophe.
So we have very romantic ideas in our culture about the individual.
Our nation is based on a very romantic concept.
Imagine how amazing it is to have children who are born as two people within one body.
The most logical case is last year with the South African correlation Carlot Seri, and it was put on the top of their sex in the International Games in Berlin.
A lot of journalists called to ask, "What are you going to do to determine whether Cartoon Sergean is man or women?
And I had to explain to journalists that don't exist such a test.
In fact, we now know that sex is so complicated that we have to admit that nature doesn't make a back line between men and women or men and intelligent and intellectual women and women and intelligents -- we are us who we plot that line.
So what we have is a situation where the more progress the science, the more we have to admit that these categories were stable anatomic categories that are directly correlated with stable identical categories, are much more different than we thought.
And not only in terms of sex.
Also in terms of race, something that happens to be much more complicated than the technology allows it.
As we see, we get into a strange terrain.
So look, for example, the fact that we share at least 95 percent of the DNA with chimpanzees.
What are we going to do about the fact that we are able to differentiate from them in just a few nuclear?
And as we progress in science, we get increasingly more and more in an uncomfortable area where we have to recognize that the simplistic categories that we're likely to do is too simplistic.
And we're looking at this in all of human life.
One of them, for example, in our current culture, in the United States today, are the struggles at the beginning and at the end of life.
It's hard to look at a moment from which a body becomes human and has different rights to the features.
There are very heated discussions today -- maybe not in public, but I know in medicine -- I know when someone considers dead.
Our ancestors had never got to go to this question of whether someone was dead.
As a lot of him put a pen in front of the nose, and if they moved yet.
If I stopped moving it out.
But today, for example, extract vital organs from a body and put them into another body.
And as a result, we need to face the dilemma to really determine somebody's death, and this puts us in a difficult situation where we don't have the simple categories of the past.
And you may think that this exploration of categories could make someone like me.
So in politics I'm a progress, by defining people with unusual bodies, but I have to admit that I'm nervous.
It will be that these categories are much more unstable.
Think of the point of view of the concept of democracy.
And to tell you about this tension first, I have to admit that I'm a from a from the Facebooks advertised.
I know they were races, I know they were sexualls, but they were big.
I mean, they were so brave and authorized and so radical in what they did, that I find that music counterpart 1735, and not by music, which is totally possible.
That's why it happened in 1776 with the Fathers Ford.
The founding parents were, for me, the first activists of the anatomy and explain why.
What they rejected was an anatomical concept and replaced it with another that was radical and beautiful and kept for 200 years.
And as you all remember, what our parents rejected was the idea of the monarchy -- the monarchy was based on a very simplistic concept of the anatomy.
The old world monarchs didn't know the DNA, but they had clear the idea of birth right.
They had the concept of blue blood.
They were the idea that they got to the political power for the blood right transmitted from the grandfather to the father and then the son, and so on.
The founding parents rejected that idea and replaced it by a new animal concept, and that concept was that all men are created equal.
They lived the game camp and decided that the anatomy that mattered was the anatomy in common and not the anatomic differences -- that was a very radical thing.
And in part they were doing it because they were part of an integrated system in which two things were going on.
The democracy was being taken out of democracy, and at the same time I was born science.
And it's very clear, if you look at the history of the Foundates parents, that many were very interested in science and in the idea of a natural world.
They were getting away from the supernatural explanations and therefore they rejected the concept of supernatural power that goes through a vague range of birth rights.
They were moving towards a natural concept.
And if we look, for example, the Declaration of Indian Independence, they talk about nature and the God of nature.
They don't talk about God and the nature of God.
They talk about the power of nature to tell us who we are.
And in consequence we were bringing us the idea of the anatomical coincidence.
And by doing that, they were feeling the foundations of the future civil rights movement.
They didn't think that way, but they did it for us and it was great.
And what happened next?
And women had trained.
Then came the success of the Civil Rights movement with people from the calibi of South Treaterate, who said, "Isn't I a woman?
We found men in the lines of the Civil Rights movement, saying, "I'm a man."
Again, people of color that went to the Atlantic coincidence over the anatomical difference and again, they translated.
We see the same thing with the disability movement.
The problem is, of course, that as we look at the conditions, we need to start asking ourselves why we keep certain diversity.
But attention, I want to keep some anatomical divisions in our culture.
For example, I don't want to give a fish the same rights as a human.
I don't want to say that we should be going to the anatomy to the anatomy.
I don't mean that the five years was allowed to be allowed to have sex relationships or married.
There are some anatomical divisions that for me make sense and I think we should keep it.
But the challenge is to try to figure out what they are, why they keep them and if they make sense.
Well, let's go back to those two things that are concerned at the beginning of this talk.
We have two beings -- both of them in the middle of 1979 exactly the same day.
Imagine that one of them, Mary was born three months before time -- one of June 1, 1980.
Henry, by the contrary, was born in term. I was born on March 1, 1980.
For the only fact of having been born three months before Mary is attributed by all three months before Henry -- the right to sexual consent, the right to the vote, the right to the beat.
Henry has to wait for all that not because it has a different biological age, but because it was born.
We found other walls in relationship to their rights.
Henry, in virtue of being considered man -- while I haven't told you if it's 21, in virtue of being considered a man now is possible from the mandatory transport that Mary doesn't have to worry about.
Mary on his part, he doesn't have the same rights to marriage that Henry in all states, for example.
Henry can marry all states with a woman, but Mary can marry a woman just in some states.
So they still persist anatomical categories that in various aspects are problematic and questionable.
And now the question is: What do we do now that science goes so much in the field of anatomy that we get to the point of having to admit that a democracy based on the anatomy could be demolished?
I don't want to go to science, but at the same time, sometimes I feel like science gets stuck.
Where are we going to go?
It seems like what happens in our culture is kind of a pragmatic attitude -- "Well, we have to trace the line somewhere, so we're going to do it."
But a lot of people are stuck in a rare position.
For example: Texas at a certain time has decided that to marry a man you don't have to have chromosome and to marry a woman, you have to have a collection.
Now, in practice, they don't do criminal tests to people.
But this is also very strange because of the story that I told you at the beginning of the insurgency syndrome to the engineers.
If we look at one of the founding parents of modern democracy, Dr. Martin Luther King, in his speech, "I have "Dr." offers a solution.
It says that we should judge people back not in the color of their skin, but in the content of their character -- going beyond the anatomy of their character.
And I want to say, "Yeah, the idea looks very good.
But in practice, how do you do?
How do you judge people based on the content of your characterize?
I want to point out also that I'm not sure that we should be based on this to make people right, because I have to admit that I know some of the governments that are likely to make more social services than some humans I know.
I also want to say that maybe some leaders I know can make more informed decisions, smart and mature decisions about their sexual relationships that people from 40 I know.
So how do you put the issue of the character containing?
It's very difficult.
And one part of me is wondering what happens if the character of a person could be measured by an instrument, maybe with a magnetic MRI.
Do we really want to get at that point?
I'm not sure where we go.
What I know is that it seems to be very important that the United States is still going to continue to make this kind of thinking of the issue of democracy.
We've done a good job in defense of democracy, and I think we'll do a good job in the future.
We don't live, for example, in a context like the Iranian where a man who feels attracted to other men is susceptible to be killed unless it's willing to join a sex change, in which case is allowed to live.
We're not in that situation.
I'm glad to say that we don't have a context like a surgeon that I talked to a couple of years ago that had made a couple of years ago that had made light twins just to get them apart, and to get their fame out.
But when to the phone, I asked him the reason for the operation -- was a very risky operation -- I was told that in that other country, these kids would be very nuanced and therefore I had to do it.
What he said, "Well, have you considered political asylum.
The United States offers huge possibilities to people to be who are not forced to change for the good of the state.
So I think we need to be on the head.
Well, to end I want to say I've been talking a lot about the parents.
And I want to think about what democracy would be, or as it might have been, if we had given more participation to mothers.
And I want to say something a little bit radical for a feminist -- and it is that I think there may be different ideas from different anatomical technologies, particularly if there are people thinking about groups.
For years, since I've been interested in intelligence, I've also been interested in investigating sexual difference.
And one of the things that I've been interested in is the differences between men and women in the way of thinking and operating in the world.
And what we know about cultural studies is that women, on average, not all, but on average, they tend to pay more attention to complex social relationships and to occupy those who are vulnerable within the group.
And if we think about that, we have an interesting situation in our hands.
And years ago, when I was in the page, one of my advice I knew that I was interested in the feminism -- I was considered feminist, like now. I made a strange plant.
"Tell me what the feminism is."
And I thought, "It's the most silly question I've ever heard.
The feminism has to look at the gender stereotypes, so there's nothing female in the feminism."
But the more I've thought about the question, the more I've looked like there is something female in the feminism here.
I mean, there might be something, on average, something different between the female brain and the male that makes us more attention to complex social relationships and willing to help the most vulnerable.
So, if the parents were very aware to find the way to protect people from the state, it's possible that, of having injected more mothers to this concept, maybe we would have enriched the concept of protection with the recovered support.
And maybe that's what we need to do in the future when we bring democracy beyond the anatomy, to think less in the individual body, in terms of identity, and think more about relationships.
So as we try to create a more perfect Union, let's think about what we do about each other.
Thank you.
In 2007, I decided we had to rethink how we think about economic development.
Our new goal should be that when every family thinks where you want to go live and work, you have the possibility to choose between at least a handful of different cities that are competing to attract new residents.
Well, right now, we're far away from that target.
There are billions of people in developing countries that don't have a single city willing to get them.
But the amazing thing about cities is that they're worth much more than their building cost.
So we could easily deliver the world, maybe hundreds of new cities.
Well, this can sound absurd if you've never thought about new cities.
But just replace them for apartment buildings.
Imagine that half of those who wanted to live in apartments already would be property and that the other half is still missing.
You could try to increase the ability to make exposure in all existing buildings.
But you know that the problem that you would face is that those buildings and the areas that surround them have rules to avoid the molecules and the distractions of construction.
So it would be very difficult to do all those exhibitions.
But they could go to a whole new place, build a completely new apartment building, always and when the rules of that place are going to be able to make construction instead of putting it out.
So I proposed that governments create new enough reform zones to contain cities and give them a name, cities under status.
I found myself later that at the same time, Japan and October were thinking about the challenge of reform Honduras.
They knew that every year about 75,000 people would come out of their country to go to the United States, and they wanted to ask what they could do to make sure that those people could stay and do those same things in Honduras.
In the summer of 2009, Honduras.
In the next regular election, Petro Lobby was applied to a platform in which it promises reforms and at the same time reconciliation.
He asked October to be his head of cabinet.
Meanwhile, I was preparing me to give a talk in TEDGlobal.
Through a process of perfection, trial and error and a lot of tests with users, tried to reduce this complicated concept of cities under state to their most essential ideas.
The first point was the importance of the norms, like those rules that say that you can't go and bother all the current residents of apartments.
We pay a lot of attention to new technologies, but you need so much of technologies like rules to progress, and it's usually the rules that prevent us forward.
In the fall of 2010, a friend of Guatemala, sent to October a link with TEDTalk.
I showed it to Java.
They called me.
They said, "Let's introduce this to the leaders of our country."
So in December we met in Miami in a hotel room.
I tried to explain this point about how valuable cities are, much more valuable than their monetary cost.
And I used this image that shows the value of the ground in a place like New York -- they saw -- you know, in some cases, it's worth thousands of dollars per square meter.
But it was a pretty abstract discussion and at some point, when there was a pause, October said, "Paul, maybe we could see the video of the TED Talk.
And the talk described in very simple terms that a city under the state is a place where it starts with flowers disappeared, a state that specifies the rules that will be applied there and an option so that people can choose whether they want to go or not live under those norms.
So the president of Honduras. He called me, and he told me that we had to do this project, this is important, this could be the way for our country to move forward.
I asked me to go to Texas and talk about four and five of January.
So I presented another talk full of data, which includes an image like this, which was trying to explain that to make a lot of value to a city, this has to be very big.
This is a picture of Dennett, and the white line is the new airport that was built in Dennett.
Only this airport covers over 100 square miles.
So I was trying to convince the mushrooms that to build a new city, you have to start with a place that measures at least one thousand square miles.
That's over 100,000 acres.
Everyone blew up correctly.
The public faces were very serious and attention.
The Congress leader came up to the platform and said, "Professor Rome, thank you very much for your talk, but maybe you could see the TED Talk.
I have this in my computer."
So I sat down and showed the TEDTalk.
And this explains the essentials that a new city can offer new choices for people.
There would be a city of a city that you could go to be in Honduras. Instead of hundreds of miles away to the north.
And it also includes new choices for leaders.
Because the leaders of the government of Honduras. They would need help, they would need to benefit from the countries associated with the countries that would help them to establish and make the status of the status of the status so that they could all trust that the state is effectively formed.
We went and saw a site.
This picture is there.
It could easily take a thousand square miles.
And shortly after, the January 19, voted in Congress to get their Constitution and add a constitutional device that would allow these special development regions.
In a country that had just gone through this painful crisis, the voting in Congress in the Finance of this constitutional embarrass was 124 to one.
All of the parties, all the fish in society, support it.
To include the Constitution, you have to spend twice in Congress.
The 17th of February was approved again in another voting of 160 to one.
Immediately after the voting of voting from 21 to 24, a delivery of about 30 sensors was the two places in the world that are more interested in engaging in cities.
One of them is South Korea.
This is a picture of a new big center of the city that's building in South Korea, it's bigger than the Boston Center.
Everything you see there was built in four years, after they spent four years getting the permission.
The other country in building cities is Singapore.
In fact, they've already built two cities in China and they're preparing for a third.
And if you think about this practical, this is the point where we are.
They have a website, and they're already thinking about a place for the second city.
They are preparing a legal system that would allow the administrators to come, and it would allow them to operate under an external legal system.
A country has already committed to allow his Court Superhero to be the ultimate trial for this new judicial system.
There are urban bubbles and building cities that are very interested in the project.
They can even get some funding.
But the only thing we know already is that they have a good number of prevals.
There are many companies that would like to install in the Americas, especially in a place with a free trade zone, and there's a lot of people who would like to go live there.
In the world there are 700 million people who say they would like to immediately change another place.
There are a million a year coming out of Latin America to go to the United States.
Many of them are parents who have to leave their family to go to their family to go and get a job, sometimes they're random mothers who have to earn money for just eating or buying clothes.
Unfortunately, sometimes even kids who are trying to meet their parents who haven't seen, in some cases, in a decade.
So what does it seem to think about building a new city in Hongstont?"
Or build a dozen of these, or a hundred percent of these around the world?
What does it seem to do is to think about insisting so that families can choose between various cities that are competing to attract new residents?
This is an idea worth spreading.
And my Dutch friends asked me to say, "Thank you, TED.
I'm Jesus, and this is my value.
But before you show you what is inside, I'm going to make a public conference, and it is that I live obsessed with the suit.
I love to find, respect, and more recently, photograph and publish in my blog brought advanced, colors and different for each time.
But I don't buy anything new.
All my clothes is a second man of mouths of tube markets and secondhand stores.
Oh, thank you.
The second hand of hand allow me to reduce the impact of my guitar in the environment and my bill.
I get to know interesting people, usually my money goes to a good cause -- my way is unique, and buying becomes my personal search for teachers.
I mean, what am I going to find today?
Will it be my talk?
Would you like color to me?
Will it cost less than 20 dollars?
If all the answers are positive, then I feel I've won.
Back to the theme of my value, I want to tell you what I packed for this exciting week at TED.
I mean, what do you get to get all that clothes?
So I'm going to show you exactly what I brought in.
I've brought seven pairs of underwear, and nothing else.
For exactly a week that's all I've put in my value.
I imagined that it would be able to find everything else that I wanted to use after I got to Palm Springs.
And because they don't know me as the woman walking for TED in inner clothes,  that means I found some things.
And I would like to show you now the subjects for this week.
Doesn't sound interestingly?
As I do that, I'm also going to tell you some of the lessons of life that believe it or not, I've learned in this adventure of not using new clothing.
Let's start with Sunday.
This is called brilliant tiger.
You don't have to spend a lot of money to look good.
You can almost always see you for less than 50 dollars.
The whole thing, including the jacket, cost me 55 and it's the most expensive thing I've ever used in the week.
Moons, color is energy.
It's almost physically impossible to be bad humor, when you're seeing a brilliant red screen.
If you're happy, you're going to attract other happy people.
Mars, the integration is very completely completely.
I've spent a lot of time in life trying to be myself and at the same time to get in.
I just know yourself.
If you surround the right people, you won't just understand you, you will also appreciate you.
Microscopes, Google that you carry in.
Sometimes people tell me that it seems like I play the descriptions, or I remind you to their little age of seven years.
I like to smile and say, "Thank you."
Jubelus: trust is the key.
If you think you see you well with something, it's almost sure you are.
And if you think you don't see something, it's probably true.
My mother taught me this day after day.
But it wasn't until the 30 years that I really understood its meaning.
And I'm going to explain it in a few seconds.
If you think you're a beautiful person in your inner and outside, you don't look at that you can't attract you.
So there's no excuse for anyone from this audience.
We must be able to achieve everything we want to achieve.
Thank you.
Venues: A universal truth six words for you: the golden slowers go with everything.
And finally, Saturday, and developing a personal style and unique is a great way to tell the world something about you without having to say a word.
I've tried it again and again when people came up with this week just by what I was using -- and we had fantastic conversations.
Obviously, this is not going to go into my little value.
So before I got home to Brooklyn, I'm going to donate everything.
Because the lesson I'm trying to learn this week is that you have to leave certain things.
I don't need to get excited to these things, because at the back of the corner, there will always be another crazy and colorful and bright suit waiting -- if there's a little love in my heart and looking for.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
This is a representation of your brain that we can divide in two parts.
The left side, which is the logical side, and the right side, which is the intuitive part.
So if we used a scale to measure the authority of each hemisphere -- we could design a blueprint of our brain.
For example, this would be somebody who's completely logical.
This would be somebody who's totally intuitive.
So where do you put your brain on this scale?
Some of these extremes would operate for one of these extremes -- but I think for most of the integration of this audience, their brain is something like this -- with a huge authority in both hemisphere at the same time.
It's not that they're mutually excellent.
You can be logical and intuitive.
I consider one of those people, that just like most of the other experimental physicists, we need pretty logical to match these complicated ideas.
But at the same time, we need a lot of intuition to make the experiments really work.
How do we develop this intuition? Well, we like to play with things.
We get to play with them, and then we see how they react -- and then we develop our intuition from that point.
And actually, you do the same thing.
One intuition that you can have developed with the past few years is the one that says one thing can be only in one place at once.
I mean, it may sound weird to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time, but you didn't have this notion -- they developed it.
I remember looking at a child playing on a parking bar.
It was a small child, and it didn't do very well, it always fell down.
But I bet that playing with that parking bar is taught a valuable lesson and is that big things don't allow them to translate, and they stay in a place.
This is a big conceptual model that you can have from the world, except you're a particle physicist.
It would be a terrible model for a particle physicist, because they don't play with parking bars -- they play with these strange little particles.
And when they play with their particles, they discover that they do all kinds of really rare things -- like they can go through walls, or they can be in two different places at the same time.
And then they wrote all of these observations, and they called it the quantum mechanics theory.
At that point there was a few years ago, you need quantum mechanics to describe those little particles.
But you didn't need it to describe the big objects around us every day.
That wasn't very good at my intuition, and maybe it's because I don't play very often with particles.
Well, sometimes I play with them, but not a lot.
And I've never seen them.
I mean, never ever saw a particle one.
But it didn't fit well to my logical part.
Because if everything is made of small particles and all the small particles follow the principles of quantum mechanics, then shouldn't it all follow the principles of quantum mechanics.
I don't find the reason why it shouldn't be.
And so I would feel much better if I could somehow prove that a common object also follows the principles of quantum mechanics.
That's why a few years ago, I proposed to do exactly that.
And I did.
This is the first object you can see that has been in a quantum mechanical superconductor.
What we see here is a little computer chip.
And you can try to see the green dot right in the middle.
That's the metal piece I'm going to talk about in a minute.
This is a picture of the object.
And here I'm going to expand it a little bit. It's right in the center.
And then here we do a pretty good approach to the little metal technology.
What we see is a small piece of metal and way of transportation, and that was supported in a platform.
And so I did this almost the same way you would do a computer chip.
I went to a clean room with a new silicon chip, and I started working all the big machines for about 100 hours.
For the last material, I had to build my own machine -- to make this kind of strand of national national station that is under the device.
This device has the ability to be in a quantum superconductor, but it needs a little help.
Let me make an analogy.
You know how uncomfortable it's going to be in an elevator full of people.
I mean, when I'm in an elevator alone, I do all kinds of weird things, but then when other people go up from doing those things, because I don't want to bother them, or actually go on.
Quantum mechanics says that inanimate objects behave in the same way.
The journey of journey of inanimate objects are not just people, it's also the light that flows it and the wind that goes on its side and the heat of the room.
So we knew that if we wanted this metal piece of metal to behave according to quantum mechanics, we would have to push all the other passengers out.
And that's what we did.
We put the lights off, then we introduced a vacuum and we extracted all the air, and then we cool it into a temperature of less than a degree by the absolute zero.
Now, by being only in the electrode, the little piece of metal is free to act as it wants.
So we measured their movements.
We discovered that it moves in very strange ways.
Instead of staying perfectly still, I was visiting -- and the way I was traveling was like a breath like this -- like a formula that expands and controlled.
And by giving a smooth push, we could make it vibrate and not vibrate at the same time -- something that only happens with quantum mechanics.
So what I'm telling you is something really fantastic.
What does it mean that a vibrant and not vice at the same time?
Let's think about atoms.
In one case, all of the three atoms of atoms that make that piece of metal are still, and at the same time, those same atoms are moving up and down.
It's just in determined details when those are aligned.
In the rest of time they're developed.
It means that every atom is in two different places at the same time, which means the whole piece of metal is in two different places.
I think this is great.
Seriously.
It was worth staying in a clean room to do this for all those years, because, look at this, the difference on scale between one atom and that piece of metal is kind of the same as the difference between that piece of metal and you.
So if a single atom can be in two different places at the same time, and that metal piece can be in two different places, why don't you too?
I mean, it's my logical part that I talk about.
So imagine if they were in several places at the same time, what would that be?
How do you act your consciousness if your body was developed in space?
There's another part of the story.
And it's when we heat it, and we switched on the lights and we looked inside the box, we saw that the metal followed there in one piece.
And I could get to this new intuition, seemingly all of the objects in the elevator are actually only quantum objects that are just made in a small space.
You hear a lot about how quantum mechanics claims that everything is interconnected.
Well, that's not so true.
It's more than that, it's deeper.
It's that those connections, your connections to all the things that surround you, literally define who you are. And that's the deep range of quantum mechanics.
Thank you.
My name is America.
And 18 months ago, I did another job at Google, until I launched the idea of doing something related to museums and art to my boss that is here and allowed me to take it out.
It took me 18 months.
A lot of negotiations and stories, it makes it safe, with 17 very interesting museums in nine countries.
But I'm going to focus on the dream.
There's a lot of stories of why we did.
I think my own story is just explaining in this slide and this is the access.
I grew up in India.
I went from a great education -- not complicated, but I didn't have access to many of these museums and artwork.
So when I started traveling and going to museums I started learning a lot.
And working on Google, I try to make the reality of making it more accessible by technology.
So we formed a team, a big team of people, and we started doing it.
Better that shows the demo to then explain a couple of interesting things that we've taken from their launch.
So we just go to Google.
Look around all the museums that we have.
There's the Ugaba Gallery Gallery, the Member, the Republican, the Redwood, the Russell, Van Goggo.
I'm actually going to go into one of my favorites, to the Metropolitan, the art museum in New York City.
There are two ways of doing it -- very simple.
We click and pair, we're already inside the museum.
No matter where they are, Bombard or Microsoft, that really doesn't matter.
You move around and fun.
Do you want to navigate for the museum?
We opened up the top, and with one click, we jump into it.
You're inside, you want to go at the end of the hall.
They go forward. They get diverged.
Explore.
Thank you, but I haven't reached the best.
Now I'm in front of one of my favorite paintings, "The Holiday Paintings, from Peter Brazil in the Metropolitan.
I see the B sign.
If the museum shows us the image, we click out there.
Look, this is one of the images.
Here is all the media information.
For those of you who are really interested in art, you can click there, but I'm going to click here right now.
And this is one of the images that we've captured in what we call giant technology.
So this image, for example, contains -- I think, about 10,000 million paintings.
And there are many people who ask me, "What do you get with 10,000 million pigs?
So I'm going to show you what you really get with 10,000 million paintings.
It can be made around very simple.
You see fun things that are happening.
I love this guy, his expression has no price.
But if you really want to deserve it.
So I started playing and I found something that happened there.
And I said, "A moment, this seems interesting.
I went into and discovered that kids were actually playing something.
I went up a little bit, I talked to some people from the Metropolitan, and I actually discovered that this is a game called "Punishment -- which is to hit a time with a stick on the Tuesday Tuesday.
And apparently it was very popular.
I don't know why they did, but I've learned something about it.
And now we're going to get even more in depth and you'll see that you can actually get even to the cracks.
Now just to give you a little bit of perspective, I'm going to get the image, so you'll really see what there is.
This is where we were, and this is the painting.
The best is for coming, a second.
So now we're going to quickly jump to the MoMA in New York.
Here's another one of my favorite nights."
The example I showed was to find detail.
But what if you want to see the pinguing people?
And if you want to see Van Gogh actually created this teacher work?
I increase it and really do it.
I go to one of my favorite parts on this frame, and I'm really going to get to the cracks.
This is the star night? I think I'd never seen it before.
I'm going to show you another one of my favorite functions.
There are so many things here, but I don't have time to show you.
This is the really cool part. It's called Collective."
All of you, absolutely all, doesn't matter whether it's rich or poor, or if you have a manifestation, that gives the same.
You can online create your own museum, create your own collection from all these images.
It's very simple, we enter -- I've created this function I call "the power of the "memory" -- we just made a zoo around.
It's about "The National Gallery in London.
You can notice things, send it to your friends and keep a conversation about what you feel at contemplating these masterpiece work.
So in conclusion, I think for me, the main thing is that all amazing things really don't come from Google.
No, in my opinion, they even don't come from museums either.
Maybe I shouldn't say this.
Actually, they come from those artists.
And that has been my humble experience with this.
I mean, I hope that in this digital medium you do justice to your artwork and it's represented properly online.
And the big question you ask me today is, "You did this to repeat the experience of going to a museum?
And the answer is no.
It's to supplement the experience.
And that's it. Thank you.
Thank you.
Good afternoon.
I have something to show you.
Think it's a pig, a flying pig.
In our lab, we call it sensitive design.
I'm going to tell you a little bit about this.
If you look at this picture -- I'm a Italian origin -- all the kids in Italy grow with this picture on the wall of their bedroom. But the reason I show you this is that there's something very interesting about Facebook 1 careers in the last two decades.
And so a few time ago, if you wanted to win a France One, I took a budget and put it into a good pilot and a good car.
And if the car and the pilot were good enough, you would win the race.
This is what in engineering is called real time.
It's essentially a system that has two components, a sensor and a content.
The interesting thing is that control systems in real time are starting to enter our lives.
Our cities, over the last few years, have been covered with networks and electronics.
They are becoming computer computers.
And as such, they're starting to respond differently, and they can be detected and accelerating.
In embracing cities is a big thing.
As I noticed you wanted to mention that cities are only two percent of the world's cortex but represent 50 percent of the world's population.
75 percent of the energy consumption -- and until 80 percent of the CO2 emissions.
If we could do something with cities, it would be something big.
Beyond cities, all of these detectors and activists are entering our everyday objects.
This is from an exhibition of Palestinian Connecticut for late years at MoMA, during summer.
It's called "The Toy Uncle Toy."
Well, our objects, the environment, they start talking to us.
In a way, it's as if almost all of the existing atoms became sensors and activists.
And that is completely changing the interaction that we have with the outside environment.
In a sense, it's almost like in the old dream of Michelangelo.
You know, when Michelangelo screaming the Mouses, he says that at the end he took the hammer, and he threw it to the Moses -- -- you can still see a little little foot underneath it, and he said screaming, "Per no park?"
Well, today, for the first time, our environment starts to speak.
And I'm going to show you just a few examples -- insisting in the idea of capturing the environment and performing something.
Let's start with detail.
The first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects of our lab.
This was four and a half years ago in Italy.
It was a summer of 2006.
It was the year that Italy won the World Cup in the world.
Maybe some of you remember it, and they played Italy and France, and at the end of Zimbabwe, he gave the head.
And anyway, at the end won Italy.
Now let's see what happened that day watching activity happened in the network.
Here we see the city.
You see the Colony in the middle and the Ted River.
It's the morning, before the game.
The time line is at the top.
At the evening early there are people here and there making call, moving around.
The party begins.
Google de France. Google from Italy.
So, entertainment, people make a quick call and go to the bathroom.
Second time. End of the regular time.
First time advanced, second.
Zipcar, and at a moment, the head.
wins Italy, yeah.
That night everybody went to celebrate it to the center.
You see the big peak.
The next day everybody went to the center of the winning team and the first minister of then.
And then everybody goes down.
You see the image of the place called Circle Masters, where from the Roman period, people will celebrate -- it's a big party, you can see the peak at the end of the day.
This is just an example of how you can measure the city of the city in a way that we wouldn't have been able to do just a few years ago.
Another quick example of detection -- it's not about people, but of things we use and consume ourselves.
Today, we know everything about the process of our objects.
This is a map that shows all the chips that have a Mac -- how they amaze them.
But we know very little about where things go.
So in this project, we developed a few small tags to track the trash into their shift by the system.
We started with a few volunteers that helped us in Seattle a little over a year ago, to tag what they were going on, different kinds of things, as you can see, things that everybody would throw out.
Then we put a little chip -- a tag table, the garbage and then we started tracking it.
These are the results.
From Seattle.
After a week.
With this information we realized that there are a lot of infection in the system.
We can do the same thing with much less energy.
These are data that they didn't exist.
It's happening complicated things and there's a lot of unnecessary transportation.
But the other thing we think is that if we look at every day that the cup that we throw doesn't disappear, that is still somewhere on the planet.
That if the plastic bottle that we throw one day is still there.
If we show that to people, then we can promote some behavior change.
That was the reason for the project.
My colleague at MIT, Assance Building, could tell us a lot more about detection and many other cool things that we can do with that, but I wanted to go to the second part that we mentioned at the beginning, which is to act on the environment.
And the first project is something we did a couple of years ago in Zachai.
It all started with a question of the mayor of the city, which came and told us that Spain and South Europe have a beautiful tradition of the use of water in public spaces in architecture.
And the question was, how can technology, the new technology, to join that?
And one of the ideas we developed at MIT, in a workshop -- it was, imagine that they have a case and windows, solid valves that are open and shut down.
It creates like a water cut, with water paintings.
If you take the pixels you can write in them, you can show patterns, images, text.
And when we zoom in, the curtain will open up so that we can go by, as you see in the picture.
We presented this to Mayor Bell.
He liked it a lot.
And it takes a commission to design the building to the entrance of the Experiment.
We call it Panting Digital water.
All the building is made of water.
There are no doors or windows and when you get open up so you can go through.
The roof is also covered with water.
And if there's a little wind, if you want to minimize the slides, you get down the ceiling.
Or you can close the building and all the architecture goes away, like in this case.
Those days will always be somebody, in the winter when you go down the roof, somebody who was there and he said, "Dependent the building."
No, it's not that they have demolished it, but when it goes down almost all of the architecture disappear.
Here it is working.
You see people integrated by what's going on.
And here I'm myself trying to try not to be able to prove the sensors that open water.
I think I should tell you what happened one night when all the sensors stopped working.
That night was actually even more fun.
Every child in Zamai came to the building because the way we interact had changed a little bit.
It was no longer a building that was open to let them happen, but a building that kept making cut and holes of water and you had to jump to not move.
(Audience noises) And for us that was very interesting because as architects, engineers, designers, we always think about the use that people will give our designs.
But then reality is always unpredictable.
And that's the beauty of doing things to interact, that people use.
This is a picture of the building with the physical paintings, the water pixels and the projections about them.
And this is what led us to think about the next project I'm going to show you.
Imagine that those pixels could start flying.
Imagine you could have little helicopters in the air, and each one had a little pixel that changes color as if it was a cloud that moves in space.
This is the video.
Imagine a helicopter, like the one we saw before, that moves with others in synchrony.
We could form this cloud.
It's a kind of flexible screen like this with normal configuration in two dimensions.
Or normal, but in three dimensions, where what changes is light, not the position of the pixels of it.
You can play with a different guy.
Imagine that the screen appeared in different scales and sizes.
And then all of that could be a cloud of paintings in 3D to which you can zoom in, and go through and see from very different angles.
This is the real flower flower, going down to form a voice, like before.
When the light lights up, you see this. The same thing we saw before.
Imagine each of them controlled by a person.
We can have every pixel with an input that comes from people, from the movement of people, etc., etc.
I want to show you something for the first time.
We've been working with Robert Boll -- one of the best ballet dancers today, the star of the New York City and the Millennia Scale to capture their 3D movements and use them as an entry for the Flar.
So here we can see Robert dancing.
On the left you see the pigs, the capture in different resolution.
It's so much 3D digital in real time as a movement capture.
It can rebuild all the movement.
You can go all the way.
And once we have the pixels we can play with them, with color and movement, with gravity and rotation.
We want to use this as a possible entry for the Flar.
I wanted to show you the last project we're working on.
It's something for the London Olympics.
It's called the cloud.
And the idea is, imagine again, that we could engage people to do something and change our environment -- almost like a crowd of clouds -- like the grain suit, but with a cloud.
Imagine that we could make everybody donating a little bit for a pig.
And I think the remarkable thing that has happened in the last couple of years is that, in the last two decades, we went from the physical world to the digital world.
We've digitized everything like knowledge, and it's accessible through the Internet.
Today, for the first time -- and the Obama campaign showed us -- we can move from the digital world, the self-organizing power of the networks, the physical world.
In our case, this may we want to use it to design and make a symbol.
That would mean something built in a city.
But tomorrow can be to address the challenges of today, think about climate change or CO2 emissions -- how do we go from digital world to the physical world?
The idea is that we can make people involved in doing this together, collectively.
The cloud is a cloud, again, made of pixels in the same way that real cloud is a particle cloud.
And those particles are water, whereas in our cloud they're paintings.
It's a physical structure in London, but it covered paintings.
You can move inside, have different experiences.
You can see from bottom, it will serve to share the main moments of the 2012 Olympic games and even more, and it can be used as a way of connection to the community.
So it's a physical cloud of the sky as something that you can go up, like a new top of London.
You can go in there.
As if it was a new digital face at night, but the most important thing is that it will be a new experience for anyone who goes to the top.
Thank you.
Would you like to be better than you are?
Suppose you told them that, with just a few changes in their genes, they could improve memory -- for a more precise, more accurate and faster.
Or you might like to be in better ways, to be stronger to have more resistance.
Would you like to be more attractive and secure of themselves?
How about living more with good health?
Or maybe they're from those people who always wanted to be more creative.
What else would you like to like?
What would you like to do if you could choose something?
(Music Member: Creativity."
How many people would choose creativity?
Hands up. Let me see.
Few of them -- probably the number of creative people present.
That's very good.
How many would you choose the memory?
A few more.
What about the physical state.
A little less.
How about line?
Ah, most of it makes me feel very well as a doctor.
If you could have some of this the world would be very different.
Is it just imagination?
Or maybe be possible?
Evolution has been a permanent theme here at the TED conference, but today I want to give you the look of a doctor on the subject.
The great genius of the 20th century, TED Ducker, who was in the Court Orchestra Russia, wrote a trial called "No biology except for the light of evolution."
But if you effectively accept biological evolution consider this: is it just about the past, or the future?
Does others mean or us?
This is another look at the tree of life.
The human part of this branch, well in an end, is, of course, the most interest us.
We decided from a common ancestor with modern chimpanzees about six or eight million years ago.
In the intervention there has been maybe 20 or 25 different species of hominids in between.
Some of them have gone back and forth.
We've been here about 130 years.
It might seem like we're very far away from other parts of this tree of life, but actually, mostly the basic machinery of our cells is kind of the same.
Do you realize that we can harness and control the machinery of a common bacteria to produce the protein of human insulin that is used to treat diabetes.
This is not like human insulin -- but it's the same protein, chemically inconsistent, of which the pancreas come out.
And talking about bacteria -- you realize that we all carry on the most bacteria that the cells we have in the rest of the body?
Maybe 10 times more.
I mean, think -- when Antarctica Damas raises the autonomous -- think about bacteria.
The gut is a wonderfully hospital environment for those bacteria.
It's warm, dark, fear, it's very high.
And we're going to give you all the nutrients that you can want without any effort of your part.
It's really like a quick pathway for bacteria with the occasional disruption of some forced author to the output.
But by the way, we are a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they are essential for our life.
They help digest essential nutrients and protect us from certain diseases.
But what does the future stop us?
Are we in a kind of evolutionary balance as a species?
Or are we going to become something different, something perhaps better adapted to the environment?
In this vast synapse of the universe, life on Earth is like a brief building, the animal kingdom, as one and only compassion, and human life, a little bit of grace.
That was us.
And it was also the entertaining part of this talk, so I hope you've enjoyed it.
When I was in college, I had my first kind of biology.
I was fascinated by the elegance and the beauty of biology.
I fell in love with the power of evolution, and I realized something fundamental -- in most of the existence of life, in the single-celled organisms, every cell is simply divided and all the genetic energy of that cell is transmitted to the two individual cells.
But when the multicellular organisms appear -- things start to change.
It enters sexual reproduction.
And something very important, with the emergence of sexual reproduction that happens the genome, the rest of the body becomes prevalent.
In fact, you could say that the invention of death death goes into evolution at the same time of sexual reproduction.
I have to tell you that when I was a college student, I thought, well, sexually, sexuality, death for sex -- it seemed pretty reasonable at that time, but with every year that was happening, every time I had more doubt.
I got to understand George Bureas, who still acted in Las Vegas right in his 90 years.
And one night someone hits his hotel door.
He opens the door.
In front of him, you find a magnificent clay dialogue.
And he looks at him and he says, "Come for a sex step."
"It's good? You say George -- I pick the soil."
I realized, as a doctor, I was working for a different goal to the goal of evolution -- not necessarily contrast, just different.
I was trying to preserve the body.
I wanted us to stay healthy.
I wanted to recover health in the disease.
I wanted us to live more and more healthy.
Evolution is to pass the genome to the next generation, adapt and survive generation after generation.
From an evolutionary point of view, you and I are like researcher rockets that are designed to send the genetic load to the next level, and then let me fall into the sea.
I think we all understand the feeling that Woody Allen expressed when he said, "I don't want to achieve immortality through my work.
I want to make it not die."
Evolution doesn't necessarily make the longevity.
It doesn't necessarily favor the biggest or the stronger or the fastest and even the smartest one.
Evolution is fascinated to the best computers adapted to their environment.
That's the only trial of survival and success.
At the bottom of the ocean the therapeutic bacteria that can survive the heat of the sharks that would produce, if there were fish there, fish cooked to the vacuum yet, they have managed to make that a hidden environment.
So what does this mean when we look at what's happening in evolution and if we go back to think about the place of humans in evolution, and in particular, if we look forward to the next phase -- I would say there are lots of possibilities.
The first one is that we don't evolve.
We've reached a kind of balance.
And the underlying reasoning would be that by medicine in the first place, we have known a lot of genes that otherwise would have been discarded and removed from the population.
And secondly, as a species, we have confident our environment to adapt to us as well as we adapt to it.
And by the way, we migrate up, we cut, and we get so far away so that it's no longer possible to have the illusion necessary for evolution to happen.
A second possibility is that we produce an evolution of the traditional type, natural type, imposed by the forces of nature.
And the argument here would be: that the engineers of evolution are going down, but they're incredible.
And in the success of the insule, when as a species we collect distant planets are going to exist the isolation and the environmental changes that can produce evolution.
But there's a third possibility, an attractive possibility and intriguing and frightening.
The so-called necessary, the new evolution that is not just natural -- but guided and chosen by us as individuals in decisions we will take.
Now, how could this happen?
How could we get to do this?
We first consider the reality that many people today, in some cultures, are making decisions about their offspring.
In some cultures, they're choosing to have more males than women.
It's not necessarily good for society, but it's what is choosing at the individual and family level.
Think that if it was possible to be able to choose not only the sex of their offspring, but in their own body making genetic adjust to cure or prevent disease.
What if we could make genetic changes to remove diabetes or Alzheimer's or reduce the risk of cancer or eliminate the application?
Would you not want to make those changes in your genes.
If you look at the future that kind of change is going to be more and more possible.
The Human Genome Project started in 1990, and it was 13.
It cost 2.7 billion dollars.
The next year of having done, in 2004, I could do the same work for 20 million dollars in three or four months.
Today, you can get a full sequence of three billion base pairs of the human genome to a nearby cost at the top 20,000 and a week.
It will not take a lot to make it realize the human genome for 1,000 and get more and more at the peak of all.
Those changes.
The same technology that has produced human insulin in bacteria can make viruses that are not only going to protect us from themselves, but they're going to induce immunity.
Believe or there's not an experimental trial in course with the vaccine against growing in cells of a tobacco plant.
Can you imagine something good that comes out of the table?
That's reality today, and in the future it's going to be increasingly possible.
Imagine just another two little changes.
Can they change the cells of their bodies, but if they could change the cells of their describe?
And if you could change the sperm and the clouds, or change the fine recent wheel and give your children a better chance of a healthier life, eliminate the diabetes, eliminate the husband, reduce the risk of cancer?
Who doesn't want healthier children?
And then, that same analytical technology, that same engine of science that can produce changes to prevent diseases is going to allow us to also adopt hypertensional superstars, a better memory.
Why don't you have the ingenuity of a Ken Jennifer on everything if you could increase it with the next generation of the Watson machine.
Why don't you have a faster control muscle that allows us to run faster and more distance?
Why not live longer.
This is going to be irrelevant.
And when we are in conditions of passing this to the next generation and we could adopt the attributes that we wanted to have become the evolution of before in the neocortex.
We're going to take a process that would normally take 100,000 years and we can compress it to 1,000 years and maybe happen within the next 100 years.
These are choices that their grandchildren, or the grandchildren of their grandchildren, are going to have before them.
Are we going to use these choices in the country of a better society, more successful, more considered?
Or are we going to choose selectively different attributes that we want for some of us, but not for others?
Are we going to build a society that is more boring and more unique or more version and more version?
This is the kind of question we're going to have to face.
And the deeper thing about all: are we going to be able to develop wisdom and inherit the wisdom required to make these decisions of the same?
For good or evil, and before what I could think, these choices are going to depend on us.
Thank you.
Imagine a big explosion when you're at 900 feet high.
Imagine an airplane full of smoke.
Imagine an engine making click, click, classic.
Click, click, click, class. Sounds frightening.
Well, I had a unique seat that day. I was sitting in the century.
It was the only one who could talk to the flight assistant.
So I immediately looked at them, and they said, "No problem. We probably hit some young birds."
The pilot had seen the airplane, and we weren't so far.
You could see Manhattan.
Two minutes later, three things happened at the same time.
The pilot links the plane with the Hudson River.
It's usually not the route.
The motors went off.
Imagine being in a plane and without noise.
And then three words said ...
The three more disabled words I've ever heard.
He said, "What will be "perfect for impact."
I didn't have to talk more with the flight assistant.
I could see it in his eyes.
It was terror. Life was over.
I want to share with you three things I learned about myself that day.
I learned that everything changes in a second.
We have this list of things to do before they die, these things that we want to do in life, and I thought about all the people I wanted to get to, and I didn't do it, all the fences I wanted to do, all the experiences I wanted to have, and I never had.
As I was thinking about that, I came up with a sentence, which is, "Conservation comes bad."
Because if the wine is ready and the person is there, I'm going to open it.
I don't want to apply anything in life.
And that engineering, that purpose, really has changed my life.
The second thing I learned that day -- and this is as we introduced the George Washington Bridge Washington, which was not very much -- I thought about Wow, I really feel a great ride.
I've lived a good life.
In my humanity, and my mistakes I've tried to improve all I did.
But in my humanity I also give place my ego.
And I set up the time that I wasted on things that didn't matter with people who matter.
And I thought about my relationship with my wife, with my friends, with people.
And then, as I measured that, I decided to eliminate the negative energy of my life.
It's not perfect, but it's much better.
In two years, I haven't had a fight with my wife.
They feel wonderful.
I don't try to be right. I choose to be happy.
The third thing I learned -- and this is like your mental clock is going to discuss, 15, 14, 13."
You see the water approaching.
I'm saying, "Please, fly."
I don't want this to break into 20 pieces as you see in those documentary.
And as we went down, I had the feeling of, "Wow, die not fear.
It's almost like we've been preparing for it all our lives.
But it was very sad.
I didn't want to go. I love my life.
And that sadness was embedded in a single thought, which is, just wish one thing.
I wish I could see my kids grow.
One month later, I was in an act of my daughter -- first grade, not much artistic talent -- still.  And she said, crying, like a little bit.
And for me, that was the whole reason to be in the world.
At that point I understood, when I connect those two points, that the only thing that matters in my life is to be a great father.
And above all, the only goal I have in life is to be a good father.
He got me a miracle, not to die that day.
And it came to me another gift, which was the possibility to look at the future and go back and live differently.
You guys are flying today, the challenges to imagine that the same thing happens in their plane -- and please don't look like this -- but imagine and how would you change?
What would you do, you still hope to do because you think you're going to live forever.
How do you change your relationships and your negative energy in them?
And most importantly, are the best parents who can possibly be?
Thank you.
I've clearly been blessed in life with many amazing projects.
But the biggest thing I worked on was this guy.
The guy is called TEDMA.
TED was one of the most important graffiti graduates in the 1980s.
One day he got to his house after running and said, "Dad, I feel an ant in the legs.
And that was the beginning of ALS.
TED today has a total paralysis.
You can only use your eyes.
His work influenced me.
I have a design and animation, so obviously, graffiti is something that we admire and respect in the world of art.
So we decided that we were going to sponsor Tony to Tony, TED and his cause.
So I went and met her brother and his father and I said, "We're going to give you this money.
What are you going to do with you?"
And his brother said, "I just want to be able to talk to Tony again.
I just want to be able to communicate with him, and that he's able to communicate with me."
And I said, "A second, it's not that I look at Stephen Hawking, is not that all people with paralysis can communicate through those applications?
And he said, "No, unless you're someone important and you have a very good insurance you can't actually do it.
These devices are not affordable for people."
And I said, "Well, how do you communicate then?"
Does anybody look at the film "The Flar and the March and the March?"
They communicate in that way. They are running with the finger.
I said, "That's architecture. How can it be?"
So I presented myself with the only desire to deliver a check, and instead of that signed a check, I had no idea how I was going to cover it.
He committed me with his brother and his father there at that particular moment, "All right, this is the treatment. Tony is going to talk about, we are going to build a machine, and we're going to find a way to make her art again.
Because it's ridiculous that somebody who has so much on their inside can't communicate it.
So I talked about a couple months later.
I met these guys called GRI "Art Lab Reader, who have a technology that allows them to project a light on any surface, and then with a laser dot, they draw on that and record the negative space.
So they go around doing art facilities like this.
All the things that come out, they say, they're part of a cycle of life.
First of all, they start with sexual organs, then with the bad words, then with the attacks to Bush and at the end, people start making art.
But there was always a cycle of life in their presentation.
And so he started the journey.
And about two years later, about a year later, after a lot of organization and a lot of moving things from one side we had achieved a couple of things.
One, we played the gates of the insurance companies and we got a machine so that TED could communicate, a machine like Stephen Hawking.
Which was great.
And seriously, it's the most fun thing -- I call it "Adam because when I talk to the guy, you get an email from him, and you say, "I don't think this guy is fantastic.
The other thing we did was bring seven programmers from all over the world -- literally from all the corners on the planet -- to our house.
My wife, the kids and I, we moved to the boat and these hackers and programmers and contractors took the control of the house.
A lot of our friends thought we did something completely stupid and when we went back to the walls of the walls and in their place would have graduated.
But for two weeks we program, we went to the most seawater of Venice, my son was part of my dog too, and we created this.
It's called Eriking Starful and you can see the description of it.
They are a couple of garage galaxies that we bought in the mountain of Venice, some copper wire and Homo Department and Radio Shake.
We take a Psychendar camera, we open it, we put it on a light of LED and now there is a device that is free -- it builds yourself, we publish the free code -- the software goes down.
And we created a device that has no limitation at all.
There's no insurance company that says, "No."
There's no hospital that can say "No."
Any person with paralysis today has access to drawing and communicating only their eyes.
Thank you.
Thank you very much. That was awesome.
So at the end of the two weeks, we went back to the TED room.
I love this picture because this is the other person's room, and that's his room.
There was all this balloon and anthropologist during the big opening.
And after more than a year of planning, two weeks of programming -- intense sessions all night, Tony went back to draw for the first time in seven years.
And this is a wonderful picture because this is the support system of his life and he's looking through the support system of his life.
We ran the bed so I could see.
And we put a project on a wall of the parking parking park.
And he went back to draw for the first time in front of his family and friends -- and you can imagine what the feeling was in the parking way.
The funny thing was that we had to break out in the parking lot, so we felt like we were reading the graffiti as well.
At the end of this he sent us an email and this was what he said, "This was the first time I was drawing in seven years.
I felt like I'd been under the water, and someone finally came to rescue me and get me out of there so that I could breathe.
Isn't it amazing?
In a way, that's our war scream.
That's what keeps us in motion, developing.
And we have a long way to go back with this.
It's a cool device, but it's the equivalent of a magic screen.
Someone with this artistic potential deserves much more.
So we're trying to figure out how to improve it and make it faster and robust.
Since then we've had all kinds of recognition.
We've won a lot of prizes.
Remember, it's free. None of us are making money with this.
Everything comes out of our own pockets.
The prizes were the guy, "Oh, this is fantastic.
Armstrong tweet something about us, and then, in December, Time magazine recognized us as one of the 50 best inventors of 2010, and it was really great.
The best thing about this -- and this is what ends up close to the circle, is that in April this year at the George Center in the center of the Los Angeles is going to have an exhibition called "Art in the Clausan."
And "Art in the Clausan Country is going to have the best experts of urban art, Bunnas Failu, CANTOSPOCTOs. They're all going to be there.
TED is going to be in the show, which is pretty impressive.
So this is basically my idea: if you see something that is not possible, make it possible.
Nothing in this room was possible -- the scene, the computer, the microphone, the Microsoft, nothing was possible at a certain moment.
Make it possible -- anything in this room.
I'm not a programmer, I never did anything with hidden recognition, I just acknowledged something and I was associated with wonderful people in order to make it happen.
And these are the questions that I want all of us to do every day when we find something that we feel that we have to do. If it's not now, when am I not me, what?
Thank you guys.
I've spent the last few years to get into very difficult situations and at the same time a lot of dangerous.
I went to jail. I went to jail.
I worked on a carbon mine.
I filmed in areas of war and difficult and dangerous.
And I spent 30 days eating just this: fun at first, something difficult in the middle, very dangerous at the end.
In fact, in a lot of my career I've been diving myself up in horrible situations with the only goal of trying to try to look at social issues in ways that come up with attractive, interesting, and hopefully analyze them in a way that would look entertained and accessible to the audience.
So when I knew that I would come here to make a TEDTalk about the world of brands and the sponsor I wanted to do something a little different.
So some of you may have heard it, or not, a couple of weeks ago, I took a bird on eBay.
I sent some messages on Facebook, some on Twitter, offered the rights of my TEDTalk in 2011.
What was the next thing -- the United States NGO presents -- my TEDTalk that you have no idea of what it is and as a content could exploit in the face, especially if I put it in ridiculous to you or your company when I put it into it.
But I said this, it's a very good medical opportunity.
Do you know how many people look at these TEDTalks.
Thank you.
It's a team in progress, by the way.
So even with that sanitary knew I knew that someone was going to buy the rights of the name.
If you asked me a year ago, I wouldn't have been able to tell you about certainty.
But in the new film I am working on, we look at the marketing world, of advertising.
And as I said before, I've been in horrible situations in the last few years, but nothing could prepare me, nothing could be announced, for something as difficult or as dangerous as entering the rooms with these guys.
You see, I had this idea for a film.
Morgan Sparis, I want to make a film that deals with the collection of products and marketing and advertising, and that all the film is funded with politics and marketing and advertising.
The movie is going to call the biggest movie ever selling.
What happens in "The largest "Ear movie, is that everything on top of the bottom is all up to the end, in the end, has marks of brand, all the time, from the audience that appears before the title, the X brand.
Now this brand, Lakota Schumpally, the Center Center.
These people will be applied to the film to perception -- forever.
And so the film explores all this idea. (Music Kathamana. It's reduced." Is it what?
I'm a reduced person. (Music: I just say that. It was more for nonprofits.
He was "Perfective Forest."
But we're not just going to have the X brand sponsor in the title but we're going to make sure we're going to ensure all the categories we could in the film.
Maybe we sell a shoe and it becomes the most cool shoe you've ever used.
The most cool car that you've been driving in "The largest "I ever sells self-assembled, the best challenge you have had -- cortex of "The largest Film Film."
Savage Kosopherget: The idea is to also show the brands as part of life, make them fund the film film? (Music: Make the film fund -- MS: And we actually show the whole process of how it works.
The goal of the whole film is transparency.
You'll see the whole process in this movie.
That's the whole idea, all the film, in the beginning to end.
And I would love CEO to help it happen.
Robert Friedman: You know, it's funny because it's the first time I hear that, it's the ultimate respect for the audience.
Google: However, I don't know how recent people are going to be it.
JK: Do you have a perspective. I don't know if "Goodbe is very negative, but you know how it is going to be really negative.
MS: One and a half million --       John Kamen: I think it's going to be hard to meet it with them, but certainly it's going to be worth convincing a couple of big brands.
JK: Who knows, maybe for the moment that the movie comes out, we look at them as a lot of the cows all along.
MS: What do you think it's going to be the answer?
Stuart Lurea," most answers will be not."
MS: But will it be difficult to sell it, for the film or to be I?
JK: Both things.
MS:  It means you're not very optimistic.
So, help me? I need help.
MK: I can help.
MS: All right. (Music: Okay. Beautiful.
MK: We have to think about what brands are.
MS: Yes. (Music: That's the challenge, when you look at the people you have to deal with.
MK: We have some places where to go. (Music: Good. OK?
MS: I thought that "setting the camera, it meant we have a conversation outside microbes.
The camera means "We don't want to know about your film.
MS: And so it was, one for one, all of these companies suddenly disappear.
No one wanted to have anything to do with this film.
I was surprised.
They didn't want to know anything with this project.
And I was very impressed -- I thought the concept of advertising, was to present the product to as many people as possible, to make so many people look at it as possible.
Especially in the world today this intersection of new media and old media and separate media, is not the idea to tell the new vehicle of attention that is going to take the message to the mass?
No, that's what I thought.
But the problem was, you see, my idea had a garden mistake, and that mistake was this.
Actually, no, there was no mistake.
There was no mistake at all.
This would have been fine.
But the problem was what it represents this image.
See, when you look for transition images at Google it appears --  -- this is one of the first images that appear.
I like your routine, Sergey Brin. No.
This was the problem: transparency free or deception -- easily detecting or seen, easily understood, which is characterized by vision or accession of information, especially in business practices -- being the last line probably the biggest problem.
You see, we heard a lot about transparency in these days.
Our politicians would name, the name of the name, even the CEOs would name it.
But suddenly when you're trying to make it really change something changes.
But why? Well, transparency gives fear --  -- like that weird bear that still goes up.
It's unpredictable.   Like this rare rural path.
And it's also very risky.
What else is it respective?
I'll eat a whole bowl of Coke White.
That's very risky.
When I started talking to companies and telling them that we wanted to tell this story and said, "No, we want you to tell a story.
We want you to tell a story, but tell us our story."
See, when I was a kid, and my father caught me in some lie -- and there he is looking at me as he used to do it, he said, "Son, there are three sides in every story.
There's your story, there's my story, and it's the real story.
As you see, in this film we wanted to tell the real story.
But with just a company, an agency wanted to help me -- and that just because I knew John Bond and Richard Kings of many years, I realized that I would have to go on my own, I would have to remove the internal and go to companies myself with all my team.
So what I started to warn all of a sudden -- -- I started to realize -- is that when you start to conversation the idea of understanding your brand is a universal problem.
MS: I have friends who make big, huge movies, giant and others who make small, independent movies, like mine.
And my friends who do big Hollywood movies, giant Hollywood, say that the reason their movies are so successful is due to the associated brands they have.
And then my friends who make independent films say, "Well, how are we supposed to compete with these big, giant Hollywood films, gains.
And the movie is called "The largest Film movie.
How are we going to see Bang specifically in the movie?
Every time I'm going to go out, every time I open my button, you'll see the destination Bang.
At any point during an interview with someone I can say, "Are you good cool for this interviewing."
Are you ready? You see a little nervous.
I want to help you calm you.
Maybe you should put a little bit of this before the interview.
And there would offer one of these fabulous arms.
Both Fuller Florida as "Well Park "Winds are going to have their opportunity.
We're going to have as much for man as a woman, solid to black, in bar, as it is.
That's the general view.
Now I can answer your questions and give you a permanent look.
Karen Frank, we're a small brand.
So similar to the kind of smaller movies that you said, we are more a rival brand.
So we don't have the budget that have other brand.
So doing things like this, you know, remembering Bann to people is the reason that we are interested in.
MS: What words would you use to describe Bannia?
Bang is in white.
KB: That's a big question.
Woman: higher technology.
MS: Technology is not the way you want to describe something that you put in alien.
Man: We talked about something bold about a father.
I think "It is a great word that really puts this category in positive versus company and supermarket.
It keeps you cold.
How do we keep you freeze? With better strength, more strength, three times more cold.
Things like those who are holding the benefits.
MS: And that's a multi-controlled company.
What about me? What about a common guy?
I need to talk to the man on the street, to the people like me, to the common Peters.
They have to talk about my brand.
MS: How do you define your market?
Man: Mom my brand?
I don't know.
I like the good clothing.
Woman: I will revive the '80s, "World Paperganties unless it is dangerous day.
MS: All right, what's the Germany brand is?
Germ: Something unique. (MS: Just Man: I guess the kind of gender, the style that I have would be like a dark glass."
I like the dark colors, so many gray grands and things like that.
Usually I wear access as a sun gas, or I like crystals and similar.
Woman: If Dan was a brand could be a classic confused members.
Man 2: The brand that I am, the call fly fly."
Woman 2: In part hyper-to-by-side, in part of the Brooklyn guy, I don't know.
Man 3: I'm the kind of mass.
selling toys for pets in the country and in the world.
So I guess that is my brand.
In my little sector, that's my brand.
Man 4: My brand is FedEx because I put the marketing out.
Man 5: Marcus school, failed.
Is that something?
Agg: I'm a lawyer.
Narrator: I'm Tom.
MS: Well, we can't all be brand Tom -- but often I get rid of the intersection of dark "glass and foot flower."
I realized that I needed an expert.
I needed somebody who could go into my head, somebody who could help me understand what they call the brand personality.
And I found a company called Oberisked Zambia in Pittsburgh.
They helped companies like Netren, February, Halley to discover that brand personality.
If they could do it for them, they could surely do it for me.
Abbreakers. They brought the pictures, right?
MS: Yes. The first picture is a family photo.
A: Tell me a little bit how it relates to your thoughts and feelings your way to be.
MS: These people model my way to see the world.
A: Tell me about that world.
MS: That world? I think your world is the world in which you live, like the people around you, your friends, your family, the way you live your life, the work you do.
All of those things originated and start in a place and in my case, and in my case, and they start in my family, in West Virginia.
A: What's the next one you want to talk about?
MS: The next one is this was the best day of my life."
A: How do you relate to your thoughts, feelings and your way to be?
MS: It's like who I'd like to be me.
I like different things.
I like weird things. I like weird things.
A: Tell me about why. What does that make us?
What's the male? What is the molecule?
Why is it important to reconstruct? What does the red represent replace?
Tell me a little bit about that.
A bit more than you, it's not who you are.
What other metaphors have you have?
You don't have to have fear. What kind of Russian mountain are you?
MS: Yeah.  Thank you. No, thank you.
A: Thank you for your patient. (Music: Great job. A, yeah. (Music: Thank you very much. All right.
MS: Yeah, I don't know what's going to come out of this.
There was a lot of madness.
Libby Zambian -- the first thing I saw was this idea that there are two different sides -- but complex, in your brand personality -- March Sparchman is a consequential brand.
They go very well together.
And I think there's almost a paradox in them.
And I think some companies will only focus on one of their strong dots or the other instead of focusing on both.
A lot of companies tend -- and it's human nature -- to avoid the things that are not safe -- avoid fear, those elements, and you actually give them a little bit of positive for you, and it's nice to see that.
What other brands are you?
The first here is the classic -- Apple.
And you can also see Tiger, Win, Minister of Prime Computer and Jeff.
Now there are playful marks and conscious brands -- those things that have gone and come but a conservative brand is something quite powerful.
MS: A conservative brand. What is your market?
If someone asked you to describe your brand identity, your brand personality -- what would it be?
Are you an awesome attribute? Are you somebody who makes blood flow down?
Or are you a desperate attribute?
A little more calm, reserved, conservative self-experience.
The adjacent attributes are like being a law being cool as the Prize, contemporary -- advertising, advanced or bold like East Flareen, fast or grandfather, professional, dominant or mystical like Galoya.
Or are you more about despite destiny attracting?
Are you conscious about 0002?
Are you static, traditional provider, protection, protect you with Oppole?
Are you confident, stable, familiar, trust, safe, sacrifice, contemporary or wise like the Dalai Lama or Air?
In the course of this film, we had more than 500 companies, analysis and destinations, who said, "No, they didn't want to be part of this project.
They didn't want to have anything to do with this film, mainly because they wouldn't have control, they wouldn't have control about the final product.
They allowed us to tell the story of the neuroscience, and we got to tell the story in this movie of how they now use magnetic resonance to identify the centers of desire in the brain so much for commercial marketing as for movies.
We went to San Paulo where they have banned advertising in the air.
In the whole city over the last five years, there are no values, there are no politics, no volumes.
And we went to school districts where companies are doing road in schools with leadership problems in America.
The amazing thing to me is that the projects in which I've had the biggest answer, or I have had more success are those in which I've interacted with things directly.
And that's what these brands did.
They took their advances, they took their agencies, and they said maybe these agencies don't have my best interest in mind.
I'm going to deal with artist directly.
I'm going to work with him to create something different, something that is going to make people, which is going to challenge the way we look at the world.
And how did they have left? Did they have successful?
Well, since the movie is in the Stanford February, let's take a look.
According to Burnets the movie are in January, and since then -- and this is not all -- we've had 900 million impressions in the media for this film.
This is just a period of two and a half weeks.
That's just online. No press or TV.
The movie is still not distributed yet.
It's still not online. It's not in staring.
It hasn't even been presented in other countries yet.
Ultimately, this film has already started winning improvement.
And it's not wrong because almost all of the agencies that we talked to their customers would not be part.
I've always believed that if you take risks, if you take risks, that in those risks there are opportunities.
I think when you take people out of that you're pushing them into failure.
I believe that when you train their employees in the risk to the risk is preparing all of their company to lack reward.
I feel that what has to happen to progress is that we have to encourage people to risk.
We have to encourage people to have no fear of the opportunities that can scare them.
Ultimately, I think we have to give rise to fear.
We have to put that bear in a cage.
We open fear. We open the risk.
From a straight at a time, we have to embrace risk.
And ultimately, we have to harm transparency.
More than never a little bit of honesty is going to run a long way.
And I said this, with honesty and transparency, all my talk "Adam Transition, has been presented by my good MIT friends who by 17,000 bought the rights of the name in eBay.
EM: converting big data in big opportunities for companies around the world.
EMI presents "The Transition.
Thank you very much.
June Cohen: So Morazo, in behalf of transparency, which happened exactly with those 1760s?
MS: It's an exceptional question.
In my pocket I have an addition to the name of the TED material organization, the Saturn Foundation, a chaic for 7,000 to be applied to my TED attendance of the next year.
The idea behind the Statena computer worm is actually very simple.
We don't want Iran to get the nuclear bomb.
Their biggest asset to develop nuclear weapons is the engineering plant in National National.
The gray boxes that you see are real-time control systems.
If we managed to compromise these systems that control speed and spiders, we can cause a lot of problems with centrality.
The gray boxes don't use Windows software -- they're a completely different technology.
But if we managed to put an effective virus from Windows into a portable computer used by an engineer to make this gray box, then we're ready.
This is the plan behind Steven.
We started with a Windows installation.
The arm goes into the gray box, damage the central box, and the nuclear program is death, missing mission.
It's easy, is it?
I want to tell you how we discovered this.
When we started researching about Steven six months ago, the purpose was completely unknown of.
The only thing that you knew is that it's very, very complex in the Windows part -- the installation used multiple dangers flower.
It seemed to want to do something with these gray boxes, these control systems.
That called us the attention, and we started an experiment where we infect our environment with Steven and saw what happened with this.
So they spent very strange things.
Stanford was behaving like a lab rat that he didn't like our cheese -- he smelled it, but he didn't want to eat.
It didn't make sense for me.
And after experiment with different cheese sands, I realized, and I thought, "This is a targeted attack.
It's completely driven."
The installation is actively looking at the gray box if you find a specific configuration, and even if the program that's trying to infect is effectively working in that place.
If not, Steven does nothing.
So that called my attention, and we started working on this about 24 hours a day, because I thought, "We don't know what the target is.
It could be, let's say for example, a U.S. energy plant, or a chemical plant in Germany.
Better than we discovered the goal soon.
So we extracted and we tore the code code, and we discovered that I was structured in two digital bombs -- a small and a big one.
We also saw that they were very profoundly armed by people who obviously had all the internal information.
They knew all the points that I will attack.
You probably even know how much the operator is.
So you know everything.
And if you've heard that the Stanford switch is complex and high technology, let me tell you, charge is very complex.
It's very above everything we've seen before.
Here you see a sample of this code code.
We're talking about about 15,000 lines of code.
It looks pretty much like the old analogy language.
I want to tell you how we could find sense to this code.
What we were looking at at the beginning were called to functions of the system, because we know what they do.
Then we looked at temperatures and data structures and we tried to relate to the real world, with objective potential in the real world.
We need theories about destination that we could approve or describe.
To get to theories about goals, we remember that it's definitely a violent support, it must be a valuable white, and it's surely located in Iran, because it's where most infection has been represented.
You don't find several thousands of targets in that area.
It basically boils down to the nuclear power plant in Bush and the National Energy plant.
So I said to my assistant test, "Test a list of all the experts in central and energy plants between our clients.
And I called them and made them up in an effort to meet their experience with what we found in code and data.
And it worked pretty well.
So we were able to associate the little digital audience with the control of the robot.
The mouse is that cell part within the central center, that black object you see.
If you manage the speed of this rotation, you can certainly bring it up and even make the computer explode.
What we also saw is that the goal of the attack was to make it slow and discover in an obvious effort to come back to the management engineers, so they couldn't solve this quickly.
We try to figure out the big digital arm watching very close to data and their structures.
So for example, the number 164 is going on in that code, you can't obvious.
I started to investigate scientific literature about how these entrepreneurs are built in National and found that they're structures in what's called a scare, and every waterfall contains 165 centrality.
That made sense, there was a coincidence.
And it got better yet.
These centrality in Iran are divided in 15 parts called stages.
And guess what we found in the attack code.
A almost identical structure.
So again, that was a good coincidence.
This gave us a lot of trust to understand what we had between hands.
To have no monster, it wasn't like this.
The results have been made after several weeks of hard work.
We used to end up on street streets, and we had to start again.
And yet, we found that both digital eyes went to one and very objective but from different angles.
The small arm is taking a waterfall and making the rotate rotates and bringing them up, and the big arm communicates with six degrees and manipulating tubes.
In addition, we're very confident that we've determined what the destination is.
It's National, and it's just Natani.
We shouldn't worry about other goals that are reached by Steven.
Here I show you some very interesting things that we saw, really impressed me.
There's the gray box, and it turns out the centrality.
What this thing does is to interpret the values of the sensors, for example, from pressure sensors and vibration sensors and provide legitimate code, which still fits during the attack, with false data data.
And believe or not, these fake entry data is programmed by Steven.
It's like in Hollywood movies where, during the robot, the security camera is made by a video program.
Is it great exactly?
The idea here is obviously not only not just going to build the operators in the control room.
It's really much more dangerous and aggressive.
The idea is to build a digital security system.
We need digital security systems where a human operator could not act fast.
For example, in an energy plant, when the big steam turbines are spending, you have to open up on a millimeter staircase.
Obviously, this can't do it a human operator.
That's where we need digital security systems.
And when they're committed, then they can spend bad things.
The plant can exploit.
And no operation or the security system will notice it.
That scares that.
But it can be worse.
What I'm going to say is very important.
Think about this. This attack is general.
It has nothing to see, specifically, with centrality, with uranium engineering.
It could also work too, for example, in an energy plant, or in an automotive factory.
It's general.
And you don't have -- and you don't have a little bit attack, which is going to disseminate this load with a USB key, as we saw in the case of Steven.
You could also use conventional technologies to disseminate it.
Give it the most possible.
And if you do that, with what you end up with is a commercial destruction.
That's the consequence that we need to face.
Unfortunately, the largest number of targets for such attacks is not in the Middle East.
It's in the United States and in Japan.
All green areas are spaces with large numbers of goals.
We need to face the consequences and the better we start to prepare now.
Thank you.
Chris Anderson: I have a question.
Rally, has been done public in many sides that people assume that the Museum is the main entity behind this.
What's your opinion.
Ralph Lanka, OK, really want to hear this?
Yeah. Okay.
My opinion is that the Museum is involved, but the engine is not Israel.
The engine behind this is cyber supercomputer.
There is one single one, and that's the United States, fortunately fortunate.
Because otherwise our problems would be even higher.
CA: Thank you for attacking. Thank you, Ralar.
So I want you to imagine a robot that you can take and make surprise skills, or another one that makes the wheelchair users get up and walk back.
In Berkeley Bionics." We call these robots, exhilarating.
They are nothing different than something you put in the morning, it gives you a great force -- that also increases your speed, and it helps you, for example, to handle the balance.
It's actually the real integration of man and machine.
But not only that -- you can integrate it and connect it with the universe and with other external things.
This is not an irrational idea.
To show you now in what we're working on, we started talking about the American soldier who, on average, has to take on their back a 45 pounds, and it's demanding to take even more team.
Obviously, this leads to some important complications -- injuries on the back, in 30 percent of soldiers -- with chronic damage.
We decided to look at this challenge and create an exoskeleton that could help drive the issue.
Let me introduce you the HPLA -- or Portugue Human Carlos.
Soldier: With the Hullen explosion I can cover 90 pounds per variable terrain for many hours.
Its flexible design allows you to be able to be able to drag and execute movement with great aging.
I perceive what I want to do, or where I want to go, and then increase my strength and my resistance.
Ethiopia Benjamin: We're ready, with our industrial partner to produce this device, this new explosion, this year.
I mean, it's a reality.
So now I look at the look at wheelchair users, about what I feel particularly passionate about.
There are 68 million people around wheels around the world, all over the world.
Like one percent of the total population.
And this is a really conservative calculation.
We talk about something that happens with frequency -- very young people, with damage in the vertical column that when you start their life -- at the age of 20, 30 or 40 years -- collide against a wall, and the wheelchair turns out to be their only choice.
We also talk about the population that is growing up quickly.
His only choice, many times -- for a brain injury, or some other complicated -- is the wheelchair chair.
And this has been like that for the last 500 years, from their successful appearance, as I should recognize.
So we decided to start to write a new chapter about mobility.
Let me introduce you the ElTs that are using Amanda Boston who was using 19 years ago had an injury in the vertical column, and as a result of it could not walk back for 19 years, so far.
Amanda Both, thank you.
EB: Amanda is using our ElTics, which I mentioned.
It has some sensors.
Totally not invasive in the crutches that send signals to the computer computer, here in the back.
There are also a few batteries that give power to motor engines, and in the knees and make it progress with this soft and very natural salt.
AB: I was 24 years old at the top of my life when, for a strange jump in the air, skiing costs down a lot.
In a fraction of second, I lost all feeling and all of the pen moving down.
A little time later, a doctor went into my room in the hospital, and he said, "Monter, you'll never walk again."
That happened 19 years ago.
So I stole myself to the last piece of hope of my being.
The adaptation technology since then, has allowed me to learn how to slow down on the streets in streets, climb rocks and even ride in hairthling.
But they haven't invented anything that allowed me to walk, so far.
Thank you.
EB: As you can see, we have the technology, we have the platforms to sit and talk to you.
It's in our hands, and we have all the potential here to change the future generations -- not just of soldiers, but Amazon, and all the wheelchair users all over the wheelchair, everyone.
AB: Thank you.
I just came back from a community that has the secret of human survival.
It's a place where women have the battery, practice sex to say hello, and play is the order of the day, where fun is serious.
And no, it's not the festival of the Arab Man or San Francisco.
Ladies and gentlemen, they know their cousins.
This is the world of wild Bonobos in the rainforests of Congo.
The bonobos are, along with chimpanzees, their closest lives.
That means that we all share a common ancestor, an evolutionary grandmother, that lived about six million years ago.
Now, chimpanzees are known for their agenda.
But unfortunately, we've done too much story in this aspect in our narratives of human evolution.
But the bonobos show us the other side of the coin.
Whereas chimpanzees are dominated by big guys, attacked groups, the Bonobo society is in charge of females with power.
These guys have created something special because this leads to a very tolerant society where deadly violence has not been observed yet.
But unfortunately, Bonobos are the least understood of the big apes, right?
They live in the depths of the frozen rainforest, and it's been very difficult to study them.
The Congo is a paradox -- a land of extraordinary biodiversity and beauty, but also the heart of the standard itself -- stage of a violent conflict that has been promised by decades and caused almost as many deaths like the First World War.
It's not to miss that this destruction also put in danger of the bonding.
The hunting meat of hunting and deforestation makes you not fill a stadium with the bonobos that stay in the world, and honestly, we're not sure of it.
However, in this land of violence and chaos, you can hear the laugh hidden by measuring the trees.
Who are these cousins.
We know them as the apes "do love love, not war -- because they have frequent sex, microphone and bisexual sex to handle conflict and solve social problems.
I'm not saying that this is the solution to all the problems of humanity because the Bonobo lives is more than the Kame Street.
The bonobos like humans love to play throughout their entire life.
Play is not just a child's game.
For us and for them the game is fundamental to establish links and encourage tolerance and force.
We learn how to trust, and we learn the rules of play.
The game increases creativity and resilience and it has to do with the generation of diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity.
And when you look at the bank game you see the evolutionary roots of laughter and dance and human ritual.
The game is the glue that binds us.
I don't know how you play you, but I want to show you a couple of unique news videos taken from the wild medium.
First of all, it's a banana ball game, and I don't talk about football ...
Here we have a female and a young male in the middle of a perception.
Look at what she is.
It could be the evolutionary origin of the phrase, "You've got it from the balls."
I just believe that in this case he loves him, right?
Yeah.
So sexual game is common both in bonobos like in humans.
And this video is really interesting because it shows -- this video is really interesting because it shows the invention of bringing unusual elements to game as the testicles -- and also how the game requires trust and promotes trust, and at the same time it's the most fun.
But play is a photosynthesis.
The game is political, it can adopt a lot of ways, some of which are more talented, imaginary, curious -- maybe the place where the awe is recovered.
And I want you to see -- this is Funny, a young female who's playing with water.
I think, like that, sometimes we play alone, and we explore the limits of our inner worlds.
And it's that playful curiosity that drives us to explore, and then the unexpected connections that we form are the real seed of creativity.
These are just small samples of understanding that Bonobos give us from our past and present.
But they also have a secret for our future, a future where we have to adapt to a more difficult world with greater creativity and greater cooperation.
The secret is that play is the key to these capabilities.
In other words, play is our adaptation.
To adapt to a world that changes we have to play.
But will we take the maximum on our game capability?
The game is not free.
The game is essential.
For Bonobo and humans alike, life is not just cruel and slightly.
When it looks like the least appropriate play, you can be the moments that it's the most urgent thing.
So you compare primates, we accept this gift of evolution and play together as we rediscover creativity, friendship and wonder.
Thank you.
In New York City, I'm responsible for development of a nonprofit organization called Robert Hollywood.
When I'm not fighting poverty, combined companies like captain assistant in a body of volunteer bomb.
And in our city, where volunteers are completely qualified to a highly qualified staff, you have to get to the site of the fire very soon to go into action.
I remember my first fire.
I was the second volunteer on the site, so I had a pretty high probability of going.
But there was still a career to foot against the other volunteers to get to the captain and figure out what our task was.
When I found the captain -- I was fascinated in a conversation with the owner that certainly was going through one of the worst days of his life.
We were at a full night, she was standing outside in the rain, under a payment, in shining, delays, while his house was in flames.
The other volunteer that I just got before I am, let's call it Leb Luther Luther.  He came up with the captain and he asked him to go and save the dog of the horse home.
The dog." I was so click."
There I was a lawyer or a money of money that, during the rest of his life, I would have to tell people who went into a building in calls to save a living being just because I won for five seconds.
Well, I was the following.
The captain made me an administration.
He said, "Bental beens, I need to get into the house.
I need it to go up, go through the fire, and it brings this woman a couple of shoes a couple of shoes.
I swear it.
It wasn't exactly what I expected but I was -- I went up the stairs, at the end of the hallway -- I went to the real firemen that had a lot more or less had ended up holding the fire and went into the main room in search for a couple of shoes.
I know what you're thinking, but I'm not a hero.
I took my load back on the ladder where I met my News and the beautiful dog in the main door.
We took out of the house for the door of home where, as I was waiting for his teacher to get much more attention than mine.
A few weeks later, the department got a letter from the owner of home to thank you for the brave effort to save your house.
The kindness that she looked at about the other was that somebody had reached a couple of shoes.
So much in my vacation at Robin Hollywood as in my vacation as a volunteer bomb, I am a witness of acts of generosity and kindness in a monumental scale, but also from grace and courage at the individual level.
And you know what I've learned?
Everything has its importance.
So when I look in this room to people who have done, or they're to achieve remarkable levels of success I'd like to remind you this: don't expect.
They don't wait to win the first million to make the difference in somebody's lives.
If you have something to give you now.
They serve food in a meeting, clean a neighborhood park.
They're mentors.
Not every day we're going to have the opportunity to save somebody's lives, but every day we're going to be able to influence somebody's lives.
So you go into the game. You save the shoes.
Thank you.
Bruno Giussani: Mark, Mark, back.
Mark Beijs: Thank you.
This may seem strange, but I'm a great fan of the concrete block.
The first concrete blocks were made in 1866 with a very simple idea: cement modules of a fixed measure that fit each other.
Very quickly, these became the most used construction unit in the world.
They have allowed us to build things bigger than us, as buildings or bridges, a brick at once.
Essentially, these blocks have become the pillars of our time.
Almost a hundred years later, in 1947, LGBT was happening to it.
It was called a natural assembly laptop.
And in a few years, the LEDs of LGBT came to all home.
You estimate that you've made more than 400 billion or 75 bricks per person on the planet.
You don't have to be engineer to build beautiful bridge, buildings or houses.
Lego did it accessible.
LGBT simply embraced the concrete block, the favorite in the world, and turned it into a fundamental piece of our imagination.
Meanwhile, exactly that same year, in the Bell labs, the next revolution was about to address, the new building block.
The transistor was a small place of plastic that would take us from a world of aesthetic brick worldwide about others to a world where everything was interactive.
Like the concrete block, the transistor allows us to create much greater and more complex circuits -- a brick at the same time.
But there's a main difference, the transistor was just for experts.
I personally don't accept it, that the building blocks of our time are reserved to experts, so I decided to change it.
Eight years ago, when I was at the Media Lab, I started exploring the idea of bringing the power of engineers to the hands of artists and designers.
A few years ago, I started developing liberations.
I'm going to show you how they work.
Literacy are electronic modules each with specific function.
They're predicted to be light, sound, engines and sensors.
And the best thing about everything is that they get together through images.
So you can't put it wrong.
Ladies have a color code.
The green is the room, the blue is the current, the pink is the input and the orange color is the call.
So you only have to assemble a blue with a green one, and very quickly you can start making bigger circuits.
A blue with a green produce light.
We can put a button in the middle and then we have a regulation.
If we change the button for a pulse of pulse, which is here, and we now have a light light.
We add this guy to create more impact and we have a noise machine.
I'm going to stop this.
So beyond simple play, liberals are actually very powerful.
Instead of having to program and connect and soldiers, liberals allow us to program using very simple interventions.
To make parallel faster or slower to just turn this button that makes the pulse faster or slower.
The idea behind liberations is that it's a growing collection.
We want all of the interactions in the world to be reduced to laptops ready to use.
Little sounds, sounds, solar panels, motors, everything must be accessible.
We've given literacy to kids to see them playing with them.
And it's been an incredible experience.
The best thing is how they start to understand the electronics of every day that doesn't learn in schools.
For example, how a light of night, or why the door of an elevator keeps open, or how an iPod responds to the touch.
We've also led liberties to design schools.
So, for example, designers without any electronic experience start playing with liberals like a material.
Here you can see, with paper bottles and filter, we have George creating it.
(Musical sounds)  So a few weeks ago, we took libertarians to the Rhode Island designers, who don't have any experience in engineering, just in card, wood and paper, and we said, do something.
Here's an example of a project that have done, a conference cannon.
But wait, here is my favorite project.
It's a landing made of platform that is afraid of darkness.
For these not engineers, liberals became another material, the electronics became another material.
And we want this material to be at the peak of all.
So liberals have open code.
You can visit the website, download all the files of design and manufacture them.
We want to encourage a world of creators and inventors and collaborators because this world we live, this interactive world, is ours.
So go ahead and invent it.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you today about unexpected discoveries.
I work in the industry of solar technology.
And my little company sought to engage with the environment by focusing on.
It's distributed collaboration.
This is a little clip of what we do.
Hmm. Wait for a moment.
You can take a little bit of charge.
We can be able to go better and we leave the video on one side.
No.
This is not.
All right.
Solar technology is.
Oh, I love time?
All right. Thank you very much.
A couple of years ago, I launched an initiative to recruit the best designers and techniques to take a year and work in an environment that represents almost everything they are supposed to be -- we asked them to work in the government.
The initiative was called "Control for America and they would be like a peace of peace for technologies.
We selected some members every year, and we put them to work with the municipals.
Instead of sending them to the Third World we send them into the wild municipal world.
They made big applications -- they worked with the municipal employees.
Their task is to show the possibilities of current technology.
You know Alabama.
It's a hybrid of Boston City.
Here it looks like if you look at a date, but what you really look for is that somebody clean it when you get caught by the snow because it knows it's not very good at leaving fires when it's covered by a meter of snow.
How did it come to ask help like this so significant?
Last year in Boston we had a team of computer members for America.
They were there in February, and at that time I was born a lot last year.
And they realized that the city never cleans these hybrids.
But one of the members called Erik Michaels noticed something else: that citizens cleaned up with sticks right in front of them.
So he made any good programmer, he developed an application.
It's a nice application where you can adopt a hybrid.
You accept to clean it up when it was born.
When you do that, you put a name, in this case I put it out.
If you don't do it, somebody can replace.
You know, it has a legal component.
It's a modest application.
Maybe it's the smallest of the 21 applications programmed last year.
But it does something that no other government technology is.
And it spreads viral form.
A responsible of systems of the city of Honolulu, when you see this app realized that I could use it, not for snow, but for citizens to adopt sunny summers.
It's very important that these tsunami sisters work, but people are stealing the batteries.
So I ask citizens to control them.
And then Seattle decided to use it to make citizens demand the strikes of the store.
And Chicago has just launched it to make people register to clean sidewalks when they are.
So now we know nine cities that plan to use it.
And this has been spreading without friction and organic and natural way.
If you know a little bit of government technology, you know this doesn't normally happen.
software acquisition typically takes a couple of years.
Last year in Boston we had a team working on a project that required three people for two and a half months.
It was a tool for parents to be able to choose the best public school for their children.
Then they told us that we had done for normal channels would have taken at least two years and cost about two million dollars.
And that's not anything.
Now there's a project in the judicial power of California that even time has cost 2,000 million dollars and it doesn't work.
And there are projects like this in every level of government.
So an app that is programmed in a couple of days, and it's spread in viral form is a kind of a warning to the institution of government.
It suggests the best way to work, not like private companies, like a lot of people think it should be.
Nor as a technological company, but rather as the Internet itself.
I mean, without religions, in open and generation.
And that's important.
But the most important thing about this app is that it represents the way of addressing government that has the new generation -- not as a problem of an analyzed institution but as a collective action problem.
And that's very good because it turns out that we're very good for collective action with digital technology.
And there's a very large community of people who are building the tools to work together with efficiency.
And it's not only Coach for America but there are hundreds of people around the country that contribute to civic applications every day in their own communities.
They have not been given to the government self-effective.
They feel a great frustration before that, but they don't complain -- they fix it.
And these people know something we've lost of view.
And it is that if we leave the feelings about politics, the row in the DVD, and all of those other things that get us crazy -- the government is, essentially, in the words of Tim Republican, what we do together because we only can't can."
Now, a lot of people have abandoned government.
If you're one of those people, I will ask you to recognize it, because things are changing.
Politics doesn't change. government.
And because the government at the last end of us, remember that of "We the village? The way we think about it will affect the way we produce change.
I didn't know a lot about government when I started with this.
And as a lot of people thought the government is to choose people to occupy charges.
Well, after two years I've come to the conclusion that the government is, especially of arms.
This is the central attention center of services and information.
It's the place that you call 31 in the U.S.
Scott attacked this call.
In the background of the official knowledge.
I found nothing. It started with animal control.
And finally he said, "Hey, can you open the door door from the house, put music good and see if you go?
And it worked. So for Scott.
But that wasn't the end of the sands.
Boston doesn't have a call center.
It has an app and web and mobile, called Citizens Continue."
We don't program that application.
It was the work of very smart people from the New Mechanical Urban Office of Boston.
One day, this happened really, comes this saying, "Harmony in my trash cube -- I don't know if it's dead.
How do I do it for taking?
The Contension of Citizens Connection is different.
Scott was talking about person.
In Citizens Connecticut, everything is public, so everybody can see this.
In this case, he saw it a neighbor.
The next report said, "I approached the place, I found the garbage cube behind the house.
Sari? Yes. Live? Yes.
I went back. I went home.
Good night, "Drama sadana.
Pretty simple.
This is great. It's the confluence of the digital and the physical.
And it's also a great example of the government income to the distributed voluntary collaboration.
But it's also a great example of government as a platform.
And I don't necessarily mean the technological definition of platform.
I talk about a platform for people to join and help others.
So, one citizen helped another city, but here the government had a key role.
He connected the two people.
And it could have connected to the government services of being necessary but the neighbor is a better alternative and cheaper than government services.
When one neighbor helps another, we strengthen communities.
If we call the animal control, that costs a lot of money.
One important thing we have to think about government is that it's not the same as politics.
A lot of people understand it, but it thinks that one is the input of the other.
That our entry to the government system is the vote.
How many times have you chosen a political leader, sometimes we spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader, and then we expect government to reflect our values and satisfy our needs, but then we don't see changes.
That's because government is like an immense ocean and politics is the surface layer of 15 centuries.
Below there is what we call brother.
And we say that word with a lot of contempt.
But it is that description that keeps us that it makes us feel like something that operates in our against that other thing, and in consequence we're losing power.
People believe politics is sexy.
If we want this institution to work, we will have to make the bureaucracy sexy.
Because that's where the real job of government happens.
We have to collaborate with government machinery.
That makes the Moorean movement.
Have you seen them?
It's a group of concerned citizens who have written a very detailed report of 32 pages in response to the fingertips of the Secretary of Valleys.
That's not political activism -- it's bureaucratic activism.
And for those of us who have been referring to the government, it's time that we ask ourselves what world we want to leave our children.
You have to see the huge challenges that they will have to face.
Do you really think we will get where we have to go without solving the institution that can act in behalf of all of you?
We can't afford government, we need it to be more effective.
The good news is that with technology is possible to rethink the function of government so that it can expand strengthen to civil society.
There's a generation that grew up with the Internet and knows that it's not so hard to act at a manual, only the systems in the right way.
The average age of our members is 28 years old, so I, to regions, I'm a greater generation than many of them.
This is a generation that has grown up taking the word and giving that almost for granted.
They're not giving that battle that we all face about who's going to talk about who -- they're all going to speak.
You can express your opinions in any channel at the same time and do it.
So when you face the government problem you don't care about making your voices heard.
They're using hands.
They put hands to the work to program applications that make government work.
And those applications allow us to use their hands to improve our communities.
It can be cleaning a hybrid, taking masses, going through a garbage cube that has a farm inside.
Of course, we could always clean those hybrids and a lot of people do it.
But these applications are as digital reminder that we are not only consumers, we're not only consumers of government that we pay taxes and we get services.
We're more than that. We're citizens.
And we're not going to fix the government until we don't fix the city.
So I want to ask all the present, when it comes to the important things that we have to do together, all together, will be a voice crowd, or are we going to be a hally multiplied?
Thank you.
This is for me a real honor.
I've spent most of the time in jail, prisons and in the corridor of death.
I've spent most of my life in married communities, in projects and places where there's a lot of despair.
And being here at TED watching and hearing these stimulus has given me a lot of energy.
One of the things I've noticed in this short time, is that TED has identity.
And the things that are said here have impact around the world.
In times, if something comes from TED, it makes sense and a force that would not have any other way.
I say this because I think identity is really important.
Here we have seen fantastic presentations.
And I think we've learned that the words of a teacher can make a lot of sense, but if you teach it, you can have a special meaning.
A doctor can do good things, I mean, if it's careful, it can achieve much more.
So I want to talk about the power of identity.
I didn't really learn this in the practice, my job.
I learned it from my grandmother.
I grew up in a traditional house of a family family dominated by a marketing, which was my grandmother.
It was hard, it was strong, it had power.
It was the last word in all discussion in the family.
She started a lot of the decisions in our home.
It was a daughter of people who had been slaves.
His parents were born in slavery in Virginia.
She was born about 1886 and his experience with slavery as a way of looking at the world.
She was hard, but he was also amazing.
When I was little, and I looked at her, she came up to me and gave me a good hug one.
I was so strong that I could barely breathe and then put it out.
One or two hours later, I went back to look at it, and he came up and said, "Brankle, still feels my advice?
And if I said no, I was grabbed again, and if I said yes, I was left in peace.
He had this human quality that made you always want to be close to it.
The only problem is that I had 10 children.
My mother was the youngest of the 10.
At times, when I was going to spend a time with her, it wasn't easy to capture his time and his attention.
My cousins were running everywhere.
I remember when I was eight or nine years old, I woke up one morning, and I went to the room and there were running all my cousins.
My grandmother was on the other side of the room and looked at me.
At first, I thought it was a game.
And then he looked at her, and she smiles. But she was very serious.
After 15 or 20 minutes, she got up, he went through the room, he took me out of his hand and he said, "You see Brand. We are going to convince you.
I remember this as if it was yesterday.
I'll never forget it.
He took me outside and said, "Brankle, I'll tell you something, but you can't tell anyone.
I said, "Okay, Maharma."
She said, "Now I want you not to do it." I said, "Sure."
Then he sat down, and he looked at me, and he said, "I want you to know I've been watching you."
And I said, "I think you're special.
He said, "I think you can do what you want.
I'll never forget it.
Then he said, "I just want you to promise three things, Brand."
I said, "Serious, Mary."
And he said, "The first thing I want you to show me is you always want your mother."
As I said, "She is my daughter, and you have to promise that you will always take care of her."
Like I loved my mom, I said, "Yes, Mom, so I'll do it."
Then he said to me, "The second thing I want you to show me is that you will always be doing the right thing, although the right thing is hard."
I thought that and I said, "Yes, Maha. So I'll do."
Then finally he said, "The third thing I want you to show me is that you will never drink alcohol.
I was nine years old, and I said, "Yes, Mom, so I'll do."
I grew up in the field, in the rural South, I have a brother a single year and a sister a single year.
When I was 14, 15, my brother came home with a six beer package -- I don't know where I pulled them out, I grabbed my sister and me and went to the forest.
We just got to do the madness.
He took a sip of beer, offered my sister -- she took a little bit and offered me to me.
I said, "No, no, no. All right. You go, but I'm not going to take a beer."
My brother said, "Come on. We do it. And you always do the same thing as us.
I already took something, your sister too.
I said, "No, I wouldn't feel good. You can follow.
Then my brother looked at me.
And he said, "What's going on? Take a beer."
And I was looking at my gaze with force and said, "Oh, I won't be you're still thinking about the conversation with Mama."
I said, "But what are you talking about?"
He said, "Mama, you tell all the grandchildren who are special.
I was gone.
I have to admit something to you.
I will tell you something that probably shouldn't say.
I know this will spread widely apart.
But I am 52 years old, and I can admit that I've never taken a drop of alcohol.
I don't say this thinking it's a virtue, I say it for the power that identity.
When we create the right type of identity, we say things to others that really don't see sense.
We can't get to do things that don't believe to be done.
I think my grandmother naturally believed that all his grandchildren were special.
My grandfather had been imprisoned during programmer.
My uncle died from age-related diseases.
And these were the things that, according to it, we had to commit us.
Now, trying to talk about our criminal justice system.
This country is today very different than it was 40 years ago.
In 1972, there were 300,000 prisoners.
There are 2.3 million.
In America, we have the largest incarceration rate of the world.
We have seven million people in criminal freedom.
And this massive incarceration, in my opinion, has fundamentally changed our world.
In poor or black communities, it is so much dense, so desperation, determined by these facts.
One of three black black between the 18, and the 30 years is in jail or in conditioning freedom.
In urban communities all over the country, Los Angeles, Philadelphia, Baltimore Washington, from 50 to 60 percent of all the color young people are in jail or in conditioning freedom.
Our system is not just distorted in front of race, it's also about poverty.
In this country, we have a judicial system that makes you much better if you're rich and guilty that if you're poor and innocent.
It's not criticism, but wealth.
And it looks like we feel very quiet.
The politics of fear and stream makes us believe that these are not problems.
We're disconnected.
It seems interesting.
We're looking at our work some curious development.
In my state, in Alabama, as well as in other states, you get rid of rights forever if you have a criminal condition.
Right now in Alabama, 34 percent of the black male population has definitely lost the right to the vote.
And if we project it over the next 10 years, the loss of loss of rights will be as high as it was before they would pass the law on the right to the vote.
We have this amazing silence.
I represent children.
Many of my customers are very young.
America is the only country in the world where they sit in 13 years to die in prison.
We have in this prison country for children, no possibility to come out.
Now we're in the process of some literatures.
The only country in the world.
I represent people in the corridor of death.
This issue of death penalty is interesting.
Do you have taught us to think that the final question is, people deserve to die for the crime?
Very sensitive question.
But you can think of how we are in our identity.
There's another way to look at it, it's not about deciding whether people deserve to die for the crimes, but if we deserve to kill.
This is interesting.
The death penalty in America is defined by error.
From every nine individual people, you have identified one that is innocent that it's extraordinary and released from the death of death.
A brief rate of error, amazing.
This is interesting.
And in aviation it would never be allowed to be able to fly airplanes if every single nine who would wake up, you would have started.
But somehow we isolate the problem.
It's not our problem.
It's not our charge.
It's not our struggle.
I talk a lot about these things.
I talk about race and this issue of whether we deserve to kill.
It's interesting that in my classes with students about African-American history, I talk about slavery.
I talk to you about terrorism, the time that started at the end of the reconstruction and it lasted until the Second World War.
We don't really know a lot about this.
But for the black Americans in this country, it was a little bit defined by the terror.
In many communities, people were afraid to be light.
They were worried about being bombs.
The threat of the terror was what he defined his lives.
Now there are older people who come up with me and tell me, "Mr. Stevenson, you talk about discussions. Tell people to stop saying that in our history we took for the first time with terrorism, after 9/11.
They ask me to say, "No, say we grew up with that."
The age of terrorism. It continued to be obviously service and decades of racial underlying and separation.
In this country, we have a dynamic that we don't like to talk about our problems.
We don't like to talk about our story.
And that's why we haven't understood the meaning of what we've historically done.
All of the time we collide each other.
We constantly create tensions and conflict.
It costs us to talk about races. I think it's because we're not willing to engage with a process of truth and reconciliation.
In South Africa, people understood that you couldn't overcome racial segregation without a commitment to truth and reconciliation.
In Rwanda, even before the genocide had this commitment, but in this country we haven't done it.
I was in Germany giving lectures about death penalty lectures.
It was fascinating because one of the teachers stood after my presentation and said, "You know it's good worrying to hear what you say.
Narrator: We don't have death penalty in Germany.
We will naturally never have it here."
The room stayed in silence and a lady said, "There's no way that with our history, we could never get in the systematic death of human beings.
It would be irrational that we, intentional and deliberately, we got to run people together."
They think about this.
How would we feel in a world where a nation like Germany, would run people, especially if they were most Jewish?
We couldn't tolerate it.
It would be irrational.
And yet, there's this disconnect.
I think our identity is in danger.
If you don't really care about these difficult issues, positive things and wonderful things are, though, implicated.
We love innovation.
We have the technology. We worship creativity.
We love entertainment.
But finally, those realities are embedded by suffering, abuse, degradation.
In my view, you need to integrate both things.
We finally talk about the need to have more hope, more engagement, more determining with the basic challenges of this complex world.
I think that means spending more time thinking and talking about the poor, the deserts, the ones that will never get to TED.
Think about them is, in a way, something that's inside of us.
It's true that we have to believe in issues that we haven't seen.
That's what we are. Even though it's so rational, so committed to the intellectual thing.
With innovation, the development comes not just from brain ideas.
These things come from fed ideas also for heart conventions too.
This connection of mind with heart is what drives us to look at not just the brilliant and unusual, but also in the dark and the hard thing.
Valley Hallwood, the great Green leader, talked about this.
He said, "When we were in East Europe, suffering the opportunity, we took all sorts of things, but mainly what we needed was hope, orientation for spirit, a willingness to be in sites of despair and be a test."
Well, that orientation for the spirit is practically in the heart of what I think -- that even in communities like TED, you have to share.
There's no denume related to technology and design, which allows us to be truly human if we don't pay attention to poverty, exception, inequality, to injustice.
Now I want to warn you that these thoughts make a much more challenging identity than if we ignore these things.
Let's find them.
I had the great privilege being a very young lawyer to meet Rosa Park.
These women get together just to speak.
Occasionally, Mr. Carl called me, to say, "Britan, comes the Lady Parks -- we're going to get together to speak.
Do you want to come and hear me?"
I was like, "Yes, ma'am, I do."
So she said, "Well, what do you do when you come from?"
I said, "Let's listen to him.
So I went and just listen to them.
It was very pig, very illustration.
And at one occasion I was there, listening to these ladies and after a couple hours, Mrs. Parks went to me and he said, "Now Bradle, I'm that idea of equal justice.
Tell me what you're trying to do."
And I started giving my speech.
I said, "Well, we're trying to question the injustice.
We try to help those who have been convicted increasing.
We try to confront prejudice and discrimination in the administration of criminal justice.
We tried to end with the lives of life, without conditions for children.
We try to do something about the death penalty person.
We try to reduce the population in the prisons.
We tried to end up with massive encryptions.
I gave him all my best speech, and he finished me and he said, "The Mom My Mom."
And he said, "Look straight, very strange.
At that point, Ms. Carl leaned up, put my finger on the face and said, "That's why you have to be very bad but very brain."
I think actually, the TED community has to be much more valuable.
We need to find ways to tackle those challenges, those problems, that suffering.
Because finally humanity depends on compassion for others.
I've learned some very simple things in my work.
I've been educated in simple things.
I've come to understand and believe that each of us is higher at the worst we've ever made.
I think that's true for everybody on the planet.
I'm convinced that if somebody says a lie, it's not because it's a liar.
I'm sure if somebody takes something that doesn't belong, it's not a lady.
Even if someone kills another, it's not that it's a killer.
So I think there's a basic dignity in the people who must be respected by law.
I also believe that in many parts of this country, and certainly in many parts of the world, the opposite of poverty is not wealth.
That's not.
I really think that in many parts of poverty is justice.
And finally, I believe that even though it's very dramatic -- very beautiful, very illustration, very exhilarating -- not going to be judged by our technology, by our designs or for our intellectual or rational capacity.
They finally judge the character of a society, not because of the way they treat rich, powerful and privilege, but by the way they treat poor, the conditions, the prisoners.
Because it's in this context as we started to understand really profound issues about what we are.
And I feel slightly clear. I'm going to end with a story.
Sometimes I do too much.
I stay tired, like all.
Sometimes those ideas go beyond my reasoning in a major way.
I've been representing these kids who have been feeling very hard.
I go to prison and I see my customers in 13 and 14 years old, who have been trained to be judged as adults.
And I start thinking, how can it be?
How can a judge turn someone into what isn't it?
I judge it as an adult, but I see a child.
One night later, I was awake thinking, by God, if the judge can become something that you don't are, it must have magical powers.
Yes, Bradle, the judge has magical powers.
You should ask some of that.
As it was too late, I couldn't think correctly, but I started working on a mortality.
I had a 14 year-old client -- a small bit, poor, black.
I started working on the moment, with a standard that said, "Michael so that my 14-year-old black client is treated as a 75-year-old privileged white white white white white white black.
In the moment I put that there had been independent behavior in acceptance, in the behavior of police and in the process.
There was a line that was about how in this country there is no ethic but a whole lack of ethics.
On the next morning, I woke up thinking that intense amount of message would be a dream, or did I really write it?
For my horror, not only had it reduced, but he had sent it to the court.
About two months, I had forgotten it.
And I finally decided -- I have to go to the court for this stupid case.
I got up to the car and I felt really abashantard, overwhelmed.
I went in the car to the judge.
I thought this would be very difficult and permission.
I finally came down from the car. I walked into the court.
I was climbing up the stairs when I found myself with a older black man, it was the conference of the court.
When he saw me, he came up to me and said, "Who is you?"
I said, "I'm a lawyer." He said, "It's your lawyer? I said yes.
And then I approached and open me.
And I was in the ear.
He said, "I'm proud of you."
I have to tell you now that that was magnetic.
That was deeply connected with my interior, with my identity with the ability that we all have to contribute to the community with a vision of hope.
Well, I went into the audience room.
When I walked in, the judge saw me.
And he said, "Mr. Stevenson, you wrote this bad more shoulder?
I said, "I Mr. I was me." And we started discussing it.
People started coming up. They were all indicating.
I was the one who had written those madness.
You get the police philosophical police, the audiences.
Suddenly, without knowing how, the room was full of people -- all of the phrases because we were talking about races, because we talked about poverty, because we talked about inequality.
With the river of the eye I got to see the consensus that I was going and came.
I looked at the window, and I would hear all that scream.
I kept walking over here and for there.
Finally, this old black old black, went into the room and sat behind me, almost on the lawyers table.
About 10 minutes later, the judge described a receiver.
During the discussion of the supercomputer that was supported because the consensus had entered the room.
And the assistant was started on the old black.
And he said, "Jimmy, what do you do in the audience room?
And the old black man stood up, looked at the assistant and looked at me and said, "I've got this audience room to say to this young man who keeps his view on the goal with signature."
I have come to TED today because I think many of you understand that the moral bow of the universe is very big, but it spreads to justice.
That we cannot be truly human if we don't care about human rights and for dignity.
That our survival is linked to each other.
That our visions of technology, design and entertainment and creativity must lead to the fruit, compassion and justice.
And above all, to those of you who share this, I just want to tell you that they keep the view on the goal of signature.
Thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You just heard and see an event of the audience, from this community, to help in your purpose, to do something.
Something that's not a crash. What can we do?
BS: There are several opportunities nearby.
If you live in the state of California, for example, there will be a referendum that will be done in which an effort is going to be made to restore the funds that are spent today in punishment policy.
For example, here in California, it's going to spend a billion dollars in the death penalty in the next five years.
And despite this, 46 percent of the hospitals are not going to be actually concerned in arrested.
Fifty percent of the rapes don't get nowhere.
Here's an opportunity of change.
This reference is going to propose that these funds are determined to make the law, to security.
I think there's a very close opportunity.
CA: There's been a huge decline in crime in the United States, in the last three decades.
Part of the explanation, it's said that it has to do with the highest incarceration rate.
What would you say to whom you think that is?
KS: Actually, the rate of crime with violence has remained relatively stable.
The great growth in mass incarceration in this country is not by the crimes with violence.
It's because of the wrong war against drugs.
That's why this dramatic increase comes up in the prison population.
And we let us convince the pantiest retirement.
We have three legal causes to bring people into perfect chain, to steal a bicycle, by small crimes against property instead of making those resources to their victims.
I think we need to do more to help the victims of crime and not less.
It seems to me that our current philosophy today does nothing for anyone.
I think that's the orientation that has to change.
CA: Brown, you've been excited about today here.
You're very inspiring.
Thank you very much for having come to TED. Thank you.
Licklar: They grow the threats by Bin Laden's death.
Record 2: Hanging in Somalia, Record 3: The police is throwing O.C.
Record 4: Speed cards. Listener 5: Commercial crimes.
Record 6: Social decline. Let me read 7: 65 dead.
Record 8: Aland -- Redwood number: Cleans.
Several corrections. War to the narrative. mass destruction, Toronto.
Record. Bank. End up. Egypt. Egypt.
Crisis. Dead. Desert.
Oh, my God.
Peter Diamonds. These are just some of the clips that I got in the last six months, technically could be the last six days or the last six years.
The idea is that the media prefer to provide negative news because our minds are paying attention.
And that responds to a very good reason.
In every second of each day, our senses get much more data than probably the brain can be done.
And as nothing matters to us more than survive, the first stop of all those data is an old fragment of the temporal lobe called angry.
The amygdala is our early warning detector, the danger detector.
It ordered and record all the information looking for something in the environment that could make us harm.
So from a dozen stories we will prefer to look at the negative.
That old one would come from the press, "If there's blood, sell -- it's very true.
And because all digital devices give us negative news seven days of the week, 24 hours a day, it's not to miss that we are pessimistic.
It's not surprising that people think the world is going to be wrong.
But maybe it won't.
Maybe, instead, what really happens is that we get districts.
Perhaps the huge progress done in the last century for a series of forces is accelerating in such a way that we have the potential to create a world of abundance over the next three decades.
I'm not saying that we don't have our good problems, climate change, species extinction and water scarcity and energy -- certainly we have them.
As human beings are very good at advising the problems, and the long way we end up with them.
So let's look at it in the last century to see where we go.
In the last hundred years, the average of life has been more than doubled than doubled -- the average income per capita computer has been tripled around the world.
Child mortality has reduced 10 times.
Also, the cost of food, of electricity, transportation and communications, has fallen from 10 to 1,000 times.
Steve Pinker showed us that we're living the most peaceful time in human history.
And Charles Kennedy had been 25 percent over 80 percent over 80 percent over the last 130 years.
We're really living an extraordinary time.
A lot of people forget it.
And we keep getting higher expectations.
In fact, we redefined the meaning of poverty.
Think about it, today, in America, a lot of people who live under the line of poverty have electricity, water, toilets, refrigerators, television, mobile air, conditioning and cars.
The marriage barriers of the past century, the planets on the planet, would have never dreamed of such a luxury.
So supporting a lot of this is technology and, finally, its exponential growth.
My good friend Ray Kurzweil showed that any tool that drives in information technology in this curve, the Moore's Act, and double the performance of price in about 12 to 24 months.
So the mobile phone that you have in the pocket is a million times cheaper and a thousand times faster than a supercomputer in the 1970s.
Now look at this curve.
It's Moore's Law for the last hundred years.
I want you to look at two things in this curve.
First, the soft thing that is -- in good and bad times, in war and peace, in recession, in depression and on a room.
It's the result of fast computers used to build faster.
It doesn't stop before any of the big challenges.
And even though it's carved on a law on the left, it curve goes up.
The growth rate of technology is more and faster.
And in this curve, to the Moore's Law, there's a series of extraordinarily powerful technologies that we have today.
The computation in the cloud, that my friends of Australia called infinite computing, sensors and networks, robotics -- the 3D printing and its ability to democratize and distribute personalized production across the planet, synthetic biology, fuel, vaccines and food, digital medicine, nanotechnology and the A.I.
I mean, how many saw the victory in Jefferson of Watson, of IBM?
It was pigmented.
I was looking at the newspapers the best headlines that I had.
And I loved this one: "Watson versus human opposite."
"Jeopardy" is not an easy game.
It plays with the killing of human language.
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the cloud, available for everyone on the phone.
Four years ago, here at TED, Ray Kurzweil and I, we launched a new university called Singapore University.
We teach these technologies to our students, and in particular, how they can be used to solve the big challenges of humanity.
And every year we asked them to release a company, or a product or service, that can potentially affect the lives of a billion people in a decade.
Think about that, the fact that a group of students today can impact a billion people.
Thirty years ago, that would have sounded absurd.
Today we can put a dozen companies that have already done it.
When I think about creating abundance, it doesn't mean creating luxury life for every single person on the planet, it's about creating a life of the possible.
It's about taking that which is scarce and turning it back.
You see, scale is contextual and technology is a force that releases resources.
I'll give you an example.
It's a story of National II in the middle of 1800.
He's the guy on the left.
I invited the king of Simon.
Napatha troops ate with silver covered and the same Napal, with gold covered with gold.
But the king of Simon, ate with aluminum covered with aluminum covered together.
You see, the aluminum was the most valuable metal on the planet -- more than gold and platform.
So the tip of the monument to Washington is all along.
You see, although the aluminum is 2,400 percent of the Earth's mass -- it doesn't come as a pure metaphor.
It's bound by oxygen and symphonies.
But then the electron came up and made the aluminum something so cheap that we use it as if it was described.
We project this analogy towards the future.
Let's think about energy scarcity.
Ladies and gentlemen, we're on a planet based for 5,000 times more energy than we used in a year.
They come to Earth 16 forms of energy every 88 minutes.
It's not about scale, but accession.
And there are good news.
This year, for the first time, the cost of solar energy in India is 50 percent less than the senior generation -- 88 rupees versus 17 rupees.
The cost of solar energy fell 50 percent last year.
Last month, MIT published a study that shows that at the end of the decade, in the sunny parts of the United States, solar electricity will cost six cents a kilowatt per hour compared to the 15 cents of the national average.
And if we have an energy abundance we also have abundance of water.
Let's talk about wars in the water.
Do you remember when Carl Same pointed up the Voyager Space spacecraft, in 1990, after Saturn.
It took a famous picture. How did it call it up?
"A blue dot point."
Because we live on a planet of water.
We live on a planet covered by 70 percent water.
Yes, 95 percent is saltwater, two percent of it is ice, and we fought for the percent of the water on the planet, but there is a hope.
It's a technology available not in 10 or 20 years, but right now.
Nanotechnology, nanotechnology.
In a conversation with Dean Kamen this morning, one of the innovators of the glass -- I'd like to share with you, he gave me permission to do -- his technology called Suarence -- maybe you know it. It's the size of a small refrigerator.
It's able to generate a thousand liters of drinking water to the day of any sandwich -- salt, contaminated water, a letter -- for less than two cents the gallon.
The president of Coca-Cola just agreed to do a major test of hundreds of these units in the developing world.
If that comes out well, and I have full confidence in which it will be, Coca-Cola will implement it in 200 countries on the planet.
This is an innovation of this technology that exists today.
And we've seen it on mobile phones.
My God, we're going to get 70 percent penetration from mobile phones in the developing world for late 2013.
Think about it, that mass warrior has better mobile communications in the middle of Kenya than President 25 years ago.
And to tell you with a smart cell with Google, has more knowledge and information that President Clinton 15 years ago.
He lives in a world of abundance of information and communications that no one could have ever predicted before.
Better than that, the things that you and I have paid for tens and hundreds of thousands of dollars, and hundreds of thousands of dollars, HIV, images, books and music, medical diagnostic technology, now are democratized and lose market value with mobile phones.
Maybe the best thing comes when they take health applications out.
Last month, I had the pleasure to announce with the Bloomberg Foundation something called the X Lady Prize, 10 million dollars.
We're challenging the teams of the world to combine these technologies in a mobile device with which they talk about, and because it has AIDS, they can hold blood from the finger.
To win it has to make better diagnosis than a certified medical team.
Imagine this device in the middle of the developing world where there are no doctors, where the market charge is 25 percent, and there are 1.3 percent workers of health.
When this device sequence a virus of RNA or DNA that doesn't recognize -- calling the health of health, and first of all, avoiding the pandemic happened.
But this is the greatest force to produce a world of abundance.
I call it the billion in increase.
The white lines here are the population.
We just spent the brand seven billion.
By the way, the best protection against demographic explosion is to empower the world of education and health.
In 2010, we had less than two billion people online, connected.
By 2020, going from two billion to five billion Internet users.
Three billion minds never before ears that add to the global conversation.
What do these people want?
What do you do? What do you want to do?
And instead of an economic collapse, we will have the largest economic injection of history.
These people represent tens of billions of dollars in the global economy.
And they will get healthier from the Texas, of a better education with the Khan Academy and because of the use of 3D printing and the computation in the cloud will be more productive than ever before.
What can you give us three billion more members of humanity, educated health and productive health?
How about a few voices never before ears?
What if we give them the pressures, wherever they are, a voice to be heard and be able to act for the first time?
What are these three billion people?
What if they're contributions that we can't predict it?
Something that I learned with the X Prize is that small equipment, guided by their passion with a clear goal, can do extraordinary things, things that were previously only able to do the big corporations and the governments.
I'm going to end sharing a story that really excites me.
There's a program that maybe some of you already know.
It's called Folder.
I emerged at the University of Washington, in Seattle.
It's a game where people can take a sequence of amino amino and figure out how to fold the protein.
Pages determine structure and function.
It's really important in medical research.
And so far, it was a superconductor problem.
They've played with this college professors, among others.
Then hundreds of thousands of people were supportive and started playing it.
And it has shown that today the recognition machinery of human patterns is better by folding proteins than the best computers.
Ladies and gentlemen, what gives me a huge trust in the future is that we have more power as people to take the big challenges on the planet.
We have the tools with this exponential technology.
We have the passion of the innovation of the graph.
We have the capital of the technology.
And we have three billion new minds that will be used to work on the solution of big challenges and do what we should do.
We have a few extraordinary decades.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk about a very small idea.
It's the direction of the point of time.
And as the idea can explain in a minute, before I'll give you three examples to make time.
The first story is Charles Darwin, one of my heroes.
He was here, as you know, in 1853.
You may believe that it was pigmenting pinks, but it wasn't like that.
It actually collected fish.
And he described one of them as a very common one.
It was the first.
I caught it a lot until the 1880s declined.
Now, the fish is in the Red List of the USD.
But we've heard this story many times, about Galapagos and other places, so that has nothing special.
But the case is we still come to the Galapagos.
We still think they're prisoners.
The films still say they keep intact.
So what happens here?
The second story, also illustrates another concept.
Because I was there in 1978 studying a room in West Africa.
I was there because I grew up in Europe, and then I wanted to work in Africa.
I thought it could be integrated.
I burned a lot with the sun and I was convinced that I wasn't there.
This is my first exhibition to the sun.
The room was surrounded by palm surrounding, and as you can see, of some mangrove managers.
There were the thylacines of about 20 centimeters -- the black bar transmission.
And the fishing of this thylacine was very abundant and passed for a good moment, so he was getting more than the middle in Ghana.
When I went there 27 years later, the number of fish had declined in half.
They were marked at five centimeters at the time.
They experienced a genetic pressure.
There were still fish.
In a way, they were still happy.
And the fish were still happy to be there.
I mean, nothing in change, but everything has changed.
My third story is that I was a complicated in the introduction of the drag fishing in Southeast Asia.
In the 1970s, well, it started in 1960. Europe did a lot of development projects.
The fishing development was supposed to impose countries that already had 100,000 fish, to impose industrial fishing.
And this boat, pretty ugly was called the Music Four.
I went out to fish in it, and we did studies in South China of the Merchan Chinese, and especially at the Japanese Sea.
What we captured was something that was incredible.
We captured it, now the bottom of the sea.
Ninety percent of what we captured were spirits, other animals that are at the bottom.
And most fish are tiny spots on a few remains -- remains that are fish reef fish.
In short, the sea floor came to the deck and then it was straighted.
These images are extraordinary, because transition is very fast.
In a year, you do a study and then start the commercial fishing.
The background goes from being a soft coral background, in this case, to be a local.
This is a dead turtle.
They didn't eat them. They were described because they were dead.
Once we captured a living.
I was still not stopped.
So they wanted to kill it because it was a good food.
This mountain of remains is what the fishermen collect every time you go to a zone that you've never fish.
But it's not documented.
We transform the world, but we don't remember it.
We adjust the point of party, the new level, without remembering what was there.
If we generalize this something like this.
On the axis -- we have good things. Bionics, lots of origins, the water supply of water.
And that changes over time. It changes because people do things with nature.
Every generation will use the images that are received at the beginning of their conscious life like normal and extracting it forward.
The difference is that they perceive loss.
But they don't perceive the loss that happened before.
You can analyze the waste of change.
And at the end of it keep a few missing miserable.
And that, in great measure, we want to do it now.
We want to keep things that are no longer what they were.
But you should think that this problem affects people when predatory societies kill animals without knowing what they've done to some generations later.
Because obviously, an animal that is very abundant before we extract it, is little frequent.
You don't lose abundant animals.
You lose a little bit of animals.
Even if this is not perceived as a great loss.
Over time, we focus on big animals, and in a synonymous sea of great fish.
They become uncomfortable because we fish.
Over time there's a few fish, but we think that's the point of part.
And the question is: why do we accept this?
Well, because we don't know it was different.
In fact, a lot of people, scientists, tell you that it was very different.
And they will do it because the evidence presented in a previous way is not the way they would expect to have the evidence.
For example, the anecdote that some of them presented -- like they captured such and so many fish in this area can't be used, or usually they don't use the fisheries of fish, because it's not scientific."
So we have a situation where people don't know the past, even though we live in institutional societies, because they don't trust the sources of the past.
From there the enormous role that can fulfill a protected marine area.
Because with the protected marine areas, we really recreated the past.
We remember the past that people can't conceive because the point of part has run and it's very low.
That's for the people that you can see a protected marine area, and you can benefit from the vision that provides you, which allows you to erase your point of part.
And what about the people who can't do it because they don't have access to the Middle West, for example?
I think there are arts and cinema maybe can fill the vacuum. The simulation.
This is a simulation of the Bake Bay.
A long time ago, there were gray whales in the Bacheat Bay Bay 500 years ago.
And you'll have noticed that the materials and the totalitarians are like "Apple."
And if you think about "Apple -- if you think why people were stuck with the movie -- not to talk about the story of Prizerolls, why do you get to make the images.
Because I evoke something that, in a sense, it's been lost.
So my recommendation, the only one to give, is Cambridge, making "American II underwater.
Thank you very much.
Hi. I'm Kevin Allpit, the YouTube trends manager -- and I look at YouTube videos in professional form.
It's true.
So today we're going to see why videos are making viral and how important it is.
We all want to be stars, celebrations, singing, comets -- when I was younger, that seemed very, very difficult.
But today the web makes any of us, or our actions -- it makes a note in a part of our global culture.
Anybody can be famous on the Internet in a sanitation.
They get over 48 hours of video to YouTube for minute.
And of those, just a little percentage gets viral. It gets visit infinite and gained cultural memory.
How does that happen?
Three things: trends of trends and participation communities and surprise.
Well, let's start with.
Berkeley Valley: Oh, my God, my God.
Oh my God!
Wow.
Ahh, guide."
KA: Last year, Benjamin Vietnam published this video from his house in the Yosemite National Park.
In 2010, it was seen 23 million times.
This graph shows the reproduction in the popular supply of the past summer.
Berkeley doesn't propose to make a viral video.
I just wanted to share a double rainbow.
That's what you do if you're called Self-interest Mountain Berkeley.
I had already published many videos of nature.
This video had been published in January.
So what happened here?
It was Jimmy Kimboo.
Jimmy Kimmin published this Twitter that caught the video to popularity video.
The trends of trends like Jimmy Kimbo presents us new and interesting things, and they get them into a wider audience.
Rebecca Black,  It's Friday -- you have to start the Friday --  Everybody wants to get the end of a week, the weekend.    Venus, Friday -- starting the Friday,  KA: You won't think we could have this conversation without talking about this video, I hope.
Reed Black is one of the most popular videos in the year.
They saw it almost 200 million times this year.
This graph shows the frequency frequency.
Like "Art green double," this video seemed to have gone out of nothing.
So what happened this day?
Well, it was seatened, it's true.
And if you ask for those other peaks are also Friday too.
But what happened this day, this particular Friday distance?
Well, I took it Tonys, and many blogs started writing about it.
Michael J. Nelson from Mister Science Talka, was one of the first people to do a joke on Twitter.
But what's important is that a person or a group of trends of trends take a point of view and share it with a broader audience, accelerating the process.
So, this community of people who share this big internal joke then starts talking about that and doing things.
And now there are 10,000 parasites of "Lives in YouTube.
Just in the first seven days, there was a parody for each of the other days.
Unlike the universal entertainment of the 20th century, this communal participation is our way to be part of the phenomenon by pointing out or doing something new with that.
"No Catherian is a repetitive animation with a music access.
So that's it.
This year you saw it about 50 million times.
And if you think that's rare, you know that there's a three hours version of four million times.
Until the cats saw this video.
And there are cats that saw other cats see the video.
But the important thing here is creativity that woke up between the Internet community.
There were receivers.
Somebody did a version of the old one.
And then it was interested.
Suddenly, a whole community of reception that made this happen from being a stupid joke to something that we can all form part.
Because today we don't just enjoy it, we participate today.
Who could have predicted something like this?
Who could have predicted "Art green "Dom or Red Black or "No Catheorage?
What did the script have written to have written this situation?
In a world where you get two days of video for minute, just that truly unique and unexpected can be held so that these things have done.
When a friend told me that I had to see this great video of a guy who protest against the clips in New York, I admit that I don't get too interested in.
Casey Newton: I was killed by no circular by the bike but often there are obstacles that make you circulate around the binary.
KA: Thank you to the surprise effect and your humor, Casey New did that five million watched and understand your idea.
So this approach is worth what we do in a creative way.
And all of this leads us to a big question.
Berkeley Valley. What does this mean?
Oh.
KA: What does this mean?
The trends of the trends, creative communities of participation -- completely unexpected, are features of a new kind of media, from a new culture, to which we all have access and is the audience that defines popularity that defines popular.
As I said earlier, one of the current celebrities in the world, Justine Bionish, started in YouTube.
They don't ask permission to express their ideas.
Now we're all a bit of a owners of our pop culture.
These are not the characteristics of the old media -- they're barely the current media, but define the entertainment of the future.
Thank you.
This is not a finished story.
It's a puzzle that is still breaking up.
Let me tell you about some of the pieces.
Imagine the first piece -- a man burning the work of a whole life.
It's a poet, a drawing, a man whose entire life had been supported in the unique unit of unit and freedom of his country.
So imagine as the communities go into Vancouver, addition the fact that their life had been totally in the world.
The words, for so long friends, now you would throw it.
He was refugeed in silence.
He died by the story.
He's my grandfather.
I never met it.
But our lives are much more than our memories.
My grandmother never allowed me to forget his story.
My task was not to let that have been in vain and my lesson was to learn that the story tried to stop us, but we spend it.
The next part of the puzzle is about a boat when you love to just selecting the sea.
My mother, Mau, was only 18 when his father died, and a concrete marriage and two small girls.
For her, life had been destined to one task -- the escape of his family and a new life in Australia.
It was incredible for her that I couldn't do it.
And after a four years that defies fiction, a boat was described to the disguised sea of fishing book.
All adults knew the risks.
The biggest fear was pizzas, rape and death.
Like most adults, my mother took a failure with a poison.
If you capture us, we first take my sister and I, and then she and my grandmother.
My first memories are from that boat, the constant pace of the engine, the proposal supporting in every wave, and the vast and empty horizon.
I don't remember the pirates that came several times, but they were fooled with the value of men in our boat, or the engine dying and not able to throw for six hours.
But I do remember the lights of the oil platform in front of the coast of Malaysia, and the young man who collapsed and died, to finish the journey was too much for him, and the first apple I tried, given by the men of the platform.
No apple had after the same flavor.
After three months in a refugee camp in Mellonties.
And the next piece of the puzzle is about four women over three generations, shaping a new life together.
We set up in Photoshop, a kind of an open class whose population is composed of immigrants itself.
Unlike the middle class suburbs, whose existence was accountable, in Protes, had no sense of the right.
The smells that come from the shops were the rest of the world.
And the fragments of English interpretated were built between the people who had one thing in common: they were starting again.
My mother worked on farms, then in a car mountain line, working six days, double turn.
I still found time to study English and get a title in IT -- in TEDTalk -- international interaction.
We were poor.
All of the dollars were assigned and established an extra tutor in English and mathematics, no matter what was supposed to be taken, which was generally new rock.
Two media pairs for school, one to hide the holes of the other.
A school uniform to the tons, because it had to last six years.
And there were weird and painful singers about the "boat "in the Radio "Area" and some graphic, Asian and go home."
At home, where?
Something in me was standing up.
I was accumulating determination and a voice that said, "I'm going to hold them."
My mother, my sister and I slept in the same bed.
My mother was except every night, but we were told on our day and we heard the movements of our grandmother in the house.
My mother suffered heads, all the boat.
And my task was to be awake until his nightmares started to be able to wake up.
She opened up a computer store, then studied to be statistical and opened another business.
And women came with their stories about men who couldn't make the transition and angry, and the transparent kids trapped between two worlds.
Supermarkets and patrols.
And they created centers.
I lived in parallel worlds.
In one, it was the classic Asian student, implicated with what it was going on from myself.
In the other one, I was embedded in pressure lives, traditionally launched by violence, abuse abuse and isolation.
But many received help over the years.
And for that work, when I was studying my last year of lawyer, I was chosen by the young year of the year.
And I was captured from a piece of the puzzle to the other, but his edges didn't fit.
So Leonardo, I resident announcer from Photoshop, was now Leibbert and social activist and invited to speak in sites that I never heard of name, and at houses whose existence would never have imagined.
I didn't know the protocols.
I didn't know how to use the covers.
I didn't know how to talk about wine.
I didn't know how to talk about anything.
I wanted to give back to the routine and the comfort of life in an innocent suburb -- a grandmother, a mother and two daughters ending up the day as they did for almost 20 years, telling me about the day of each and running asleep, the three still in the same bed.
And I told my mom that I couldn't do it.
I remembered that I was now the same age that she had when we got into the boat.
He had never been an option.
"I said, "I said, "And you're not what you're not."
So I talked about youth and education and deterioration to marginalized and descriptions.
And the more frankly I talked about, the more I was ready to speak.
I met people from all walks of life, many of them doing what they love, living in the border of the possible.
And even though I finished my liberation, I realized I couldn't stay in a lawyer.
There had to be another piece of the puzzle.
And I realized at the same time that it's okay to be a unknown, a newly arrived, new on the scene -- and not only that it's fine, but it's something that will be grateful, maybe a gift of the boat.
Because to be inside it can easily mean collapsing the horizon, it can easily mean accepting the consequences of your privacy.
I gave the enough steps out of my comfort zone to know that, yes, the world is democratized, but not the way we fear it.
You might have not been allowed to be allowed to be treated tremendously.
There was an energy there, an implant optimism, a rare mixture of humility.
So I followed my intuition.
I joined a little group of people for whom the motto can't be done, it was an irresistible challenge.
For a year we didn't have a center.
At the end of every day, I made a giant soup of soup that we all share.
We worked up to the sake of the night.
Most of our ideas were crazy, but some brilliant ones, and we opened step.
I made the decision to move to the U.S.
After a single journey.
My heart again.
Three months later, I had moved me, and the adventure kept on.
Before I finished, let me tell you about my grandmother.
She grew up in a time when the Consumer was the social norm and the local Mandela was the person who matters.
Life didn't change for centuries.
His father died shortly after she was born.
The mother was used by the mother.
At the age of 17, it became a Montana whose mother beat it.
No support of his husband, he caused a reduce when he was doing it and bringing the cause herself and much more turned out when he won.
You can't be able to be wrong.
He was in the shower in the fourth of a hotel in Sydney when she died, to one thousand miles in Mellon.
I looked through the marriage of the shower, and I saw it standing on the other side.
I knew I had come to wake up.
My mother called me minutes later.
Days later, we went to a Buddhist temple in Photoshop and we sat around their height.
We told the stories and we made sure we were still with it.
At night a monk came and told us that he had to close the tuna.
My mother asked us to feel his hand.
I asked the mountain, "Why is his hand hot, and the rest of the body so cold?
"Because you've taken your hand from the morning."
"You have no soldier."
If there's a nerve in our family, that runs through women.
Given who we were and how life formed, we can now see that the men who had come to our lives would have frustrated us.
The defeat would have easily accepted.
Now I want to have my own children, and I wonder about the boat.
Who could wish that for you?
However, I fear the privilege of the easy, the right.
Can I give you a project in your lives, surprise courageous in every wave, the constant pace of the engine, the vast horizon that doesn't guarantee anything?
I don't know.
But if I could take it and see them in saving, I would do.
Track Neilobescorn and also the mother of that is today, in the fourth or fifth line.
My story starts in Raving about two years ago.
I was in the desert, under the star sky, with the Sufi March Albert singer, Alice.
We were talking about how nothing has changed from the time of the ancient Indian special specialist.
In those days when the Indians wanted to travel to a car and we took the sky.
Now we do it with airplanes.
At that time when Arrony, the great Indian warrior printer, he had set, he pulled a bow and with a floor to the ground, he got water.
Now we do the same with tables and machines.
The conclusion we took was that the machinery had replaced magic.
And that got me very excited.
I felt a little bit more technology.
I was terrified by this idea of losing the ability to enjoy and appreciate if I didn't have the camera, if I couldn't take it to my friends.
It seemed to me that technology had to allow the magic, not kill it.
And as a child, my grandfather gave me his pocket plate police.
And this technological piece of 50 was for my most magical thing.
It became a golden door to a world full of images, of pirate and narrative in my imagination.
I had the feeling that mobile phones and luxury clocks and cameras prevent us we are.
They face our inspiration.
And so I launched this technology to see how to use it to create magic, rather than killing it.
I illustrate books since the age of 16.
So when I saw the iPad, I saw a narrative device able to connect to the readers of the entire world.
You can know how we take the book.
Where we are.
Put the text with the image, the animation, the sound and the touch.
The narrative becomes increasingly multiple.
But what does that serve us?
I'm about to launch Khanda, an interactive application for iPad.
He says, "Go your fingers on each light."
And so --  says, "This box belongs to -- I write my name.
And so I became a book character.
In several times I get a letter -- the iPad knows where I live thanks to GPS -- that comes to me.
My inner girl is excited with all of these possibilities.
I've talked a lot about magic.
And I don't mean magicians and drugs, but to that children's magic of childhood, to those ideas that we opened out of children.
For some reason, fireflies in a jar always became exciting me.
So over here, we have to tilt the iPad.
And actually, they light up your path in what it remains from the book.
Another idea that was fascinated with me was that a whole galaxy is going to be able to get in a ball.
So here, every book and every world becomes a bag that I dragged into this magic device inside the device.
And this opens up a map.
In all fantasy books have always maps, but they have been mathematical maps.
This is a map that grows, film and guide you during the rest of the book.
In certain points of the book also reveal it.
I'm going to go in.
Another incredibly important aspect for me is to create Indian content and at the same time.
These are the appealings.
We've all heard of the axe and the neurons but how many people outside India know their Indian contracts -- would you support?
These poor appearances have been trapped in the cameras of India during millennia, in an old and very scary book.
So we're bringing them back into a contemporary child history.
It's a story that deals with current issues like environmental crisis.
And talking about the environmental crisis, one of the problems of the last 10 years has been that children have been locked up to their P.C. -- they haven't gone out the outside world.
But now with mobile technology, we can take our kids into the natural world with their technology.
One of the interactions of the book is this adventure where you have to go out the outside, take the camera or the iPad, and collect images of different natural objects.
As a child, I had a lot of collections -- sticks, rocks and shells and shells.
For some reason, children don't do it.
So to reclaim this ritual of childhood you have to go out and in a chapter to take a picture to a flower and then label it.
In another chapter you have to take a picture of a piece of cortex and then label it.
So you create a digital collection of photos that then you can put on the Web.
A kid in London puts a picture of a parade and says, "Oh, I saw a stranger."
A kid from India says, "I saw a monkey."
And you create this kind of social network around a collection of digital pictures that have been taken off.
Within the variations of connections between magic and Earth and technology are a lot of possibilities.
In the next book, we plan to have an interaction where you go out with the iPad and the video takes up and through a removed reality sees a group of animated sounds that appear on the plants inside the house.
In a moment, the screen is full of leaves.
And you have to make the sound out of the wind and put them in order to read the rest of the book.
We go to a world where nature forces are intertwined with technology and magic and technology closer to each other.
We leverage the energy of the sun.
We're approaching our children and ourselves to the natural world and to that magic and joy and child love that we sat through a simple story.
Thank you.
I want to talk to you about why many health projects fail.
And I think, really, that the most important thing about that is that we stop listening to patients.
And one of the things we did at the University Rosaling was to go to a listening.
And not in a very scientific way, she reached a little cup of coffee or tea and asked patients, family and known, what happens?
"How can we help it?
And we tend to think, that this is one of the biggest problems that all of us, or maybe not all, but most of the health projects fail, because we stop listening.
This is my scale. It's a very simple thing.
It has a little bit of a line and stopped.
Every morning I went up.
And yes, I have a challenge as you can see.
I got the challenge to get to 95 kilograms of it.
But it's so simple, that every time I connect me, I send my information to Google Health.
And my doctor of head has access to him as well. So he can see what my weight problem is -- not at the same time when it takes care care or some urgency of that style but to see it back.
But there's another thing.
As some of you know, I have more than 4,000 followers on Twitter.
So every morning I connect to my scale Wi-Fi and before I climb up to my car, people start to talk to me: Luck, today I think you need a light lunch.
That's the best thing that can happen, because it's pressure of couples used to help patients, because it could be used for obesity, and also for patients to stop smoking.
On the other hand, it can be employed to move people out of their chair and together develop some recreational activity to have more control of their health.
From the next week being available.
This little battle connected to an iPhone or another device.
And people can, from their homes, take their blood pressure, send them to their doctor, and share it with others, for example, for 100 dollars.
This is the point where patients assume a position, and they go back to the control and to be capitalists of their own boat, but it also can help us care about health care because of the challenges that we face, as the firing of the cost of medical attention, the doubling of demand and other issues.
It will make techniques that are simple to use and start with this to engage patients in the team.
And they can do it with techniques like this, but also by crossing.
And one of the things we did I'd like to share with you with a video.
We all have navigation control in cars.
Maybe we even have them in our cell phones.
We know perfectly where the ATM boxes are in Madania.
Also where all the gasoline is.
And of course, we can find fast food chains.
But where is DNA closest to help this patient?
We asked ourselves, but no one knew.
Nobody knew where to get the DNA saved lives right now.
What we did was we made architecture in the Netherlands.
We created a website, and we asked the public to the public, you see a DNA, please send it, tell us where, and when it's open, because sometimes they open in office hours and others are closed.
And over 10,000 DNA was already presented in the Netherlands, in the Netherlands already.
The next step was to look for application for that.
And we made an app for the iPad.
We created an app for Laura, augmented reality, to find these DNA.
And every time you are in the city of Madonian and someone collapse, you can use your iPhone, and you can use your cell cell cell cell to find the nearest DNA, which can save lives.
And from today, I'd like to present this one, not just like DNA Wathwagan, which is the name of the product, but as well.
And we would want to start at the global level.
We're building all the colleagues in the world, in other universities, to help us find and work and act as a center for the Dr. DNA crossed around the world.
Every time they are of vacation and someone collapsed, it can be a party or somebody in front of you, you can find it.
I also wanted to invite companies around the world that could help us value these DNA.
It could be text services or phone people, for example, to see if the DNA is still in their place.
Please take them into this and not just improve health, but take control of it.
Thank you very much.
I'm here to share my photograph.
Or is the photographing "point?"
Because, of course, they're photographs that can't take their cameras.
My interest for photography was woken up with my first digital camera at 15 years.
I mixed up with my passion before the drawing, but it was a little bit different, because using the camera was in the planning.
And when you take a photograph with a camera, the process ends up when the pull is released.
For me the photograph had more to do with being in the right place, at the right time.
I thought anybody could do it.
So I wanted to create something different, a process that would begin to press the pulley.
Photographs like this: a building in a very transparent road.
But it has an unexpected turn.
And despite that, it keeps a level of reality.
Or pictures like this -- dark and colorful at the same time, but with the common goal of keeping the level of reality.
And when I say reality I say photographic.
Because, of course, it's not something that I can capture but I always want it to seem to be captured in some way as a photograph.
Photographs where you will have to think about a moment to discover the trick.
It has more to do with capturing an idea that with capturing a moment.
But what is the trick that makes them seem real real?
Is the details or the colors, right?
Does light?
What does illusion do?
Sometimes the illusion is the perspective.
But in the end, it's about our way to interpret the world and how you can perceive in a two-dimensional surface.
It's actually not about whether it's realistic but what we think is realistic.
So I think the foundations are very simple.
I see it as a puzzle of the reality that we take different pieces of reality and put them together to create an alternative reality.
I'll show you a simple example.
Here we have three perfectly imagined objects, which we can all relate to the three-dimensional world.
But combined in a certain way, you can create something that still looks three-dimensional as if it exists.
But at the same time, we know it doesn't exist.
So we get into the brain because the brain doesn't accept the fact that that really doesn't make sense.
And I see the same process by combining the photographs.
It's really going to combine different reality.
And the things that make a picture seem realistic -- I think they're the ones that we don't even think, the things that surround us in our everyday lives.
But by combining pictures is very important to consider it, because otherwise something will be wrong.
So I'd like to say that there are three simple rules that will continue to achieve realistic results.
As you can see, these images are not very special.
But combined, you can create something like this.
So the first rule is that the combination of pictures must have the same perspective.
Secondly, combined pictures must have the same kind of light.
And these two images have been made by these recentropits. They were taken to the same height and with the same kind of light.
The third point is to make impossible to distinguish the beginning and the end of different images with a perfect joint.
It has to be impossible to see where the image is.
This is another example.
I could think that this is the image of a landscape, and the bottom part is manipulated.
But this image is totally composed by photographs of different places.
I think it's easier to create a place than finding it because you don't need to put in danger the ideas that you have in your head.
But it requires a lot of planning.
And as I thought this idea in winter I knew that I had several months to plan it, to find the different locations for the pieces of the puzzle.
For example, fish was captured on a fishing journey.
The costs are a different location.
The underwater part was captured in a stone period.
And yes, I even made the house of the top of the island to make it seem more sad.
So in order to get a realistic result I think it needs planning.
It always starts with a book, an idea.
Then you have to combine the different pictures.
And here every piece is very well thinking.
If you do a good job when you take the pictures, the result can be very beautiful and very realistic at the same time.
All the tools are there and the only limit is our imagination.
Thank you.
So I'll start showing a slide on technology, very boring.
Please get it.
It's a diagram anyone who took a letter from me.
I'm not interested in showing you the details but the general thing.
This is an analysis that we were doing about the power of RISD microRNAs versus the power of local areas.
What's interesting about this is that this is like a lot of other people that we tend to see, is kind of a straight line on the logarithmic scale.
In other words, every step here represents a order of magnitude on the performance scale.
Talking about technological curves is a novel thing.
Here's something weird happens.
And that's what I'm going to talk about.
Please turn the lights up.
It would need more intensity because writing on paper.
Why do we make technological curves in the logarithmic scales?
The answer is that if you draw them into a normal curve where, say, these are the years, or some unit of time, and this would be any measure of the technology that I'd like to graph, the diagram would look something ridiculous.
It would be something like this.
It doesn't say a lot.
But if you thank you, for example, some other technology, like transportation in a sexual curve would be very dumb, we would see a straight line.
But if something like this, it gives a qualitative change.
If the technology of transportation will move as fast as microbes -- past tomorrow we could take a taxi and be in Tokyo in 30 seconds.
But it doesn't move to that rhythm.
There are no precedent in the history of the technological development of a reconstructive growth that every few years advance orders of magnitude.
The question I want to talk about is -- looking at these exponential curves -- we see that they don't follow forever.
It's not possible to sustain this change as fast as it goes.
One of two things will happen.
Or it's going to become a typical curve -- I know that until I heal something completely different, or maybe do something like that.
That's all that can happen.
I'm optimistic, so I think maybe something like this.
In the way, we're going to be in the middle of a transition.
In this line, we're in a transition of what the world used to be in a new way.
So what I try to ask, and ask me, what is that new way that adopts the world?
What new state is driven?
The transition seems very, very confused if we're embedded in it.
I remember the future of the future happened in 2000 and people used to talk about what would happen in 2000.
This is a conference where people talk about the future, and we see that the future remains the year 2000.
That's all we see.
In other words, the future has been started, year after year, throughout my life.
But I think it's because we feel something is going on.
We can feel it.
And we know that it doesn't make a lot of sense to think about 30 or 50 years because everything will be so different than extrapolate what we're doing today is no sense.
So I want to talk to you about how it might be, how it could be that transition that we experience.
But to do that will have to talk a little bit about things that don't have a lot to do with technology and computer.
Because I think the only way to understand it is taking distance and looking at the long-term things.
The time scale I would like to do is the time of life on Earth.
I think this image makes sense if we look at each billion years.
So we got back about 2.5 billion years when Earth was a big sterile rock with many chemicals that float around them.
If we look at the way that we organize those chemicals we give us an idea of how things happened.
And I think there are theories to start understanding the origin with RNA -- I'm going to tell you a simple version of this and that is that, at that time, I had just floating some oil droplet with all kinds of chemical recipes in their inside.
Some of those oil droplet had a particular combination of chemicals that made them incorporate materials from the outside, and so the droplets grew up.
And they started to split.
In a sense, those were the most primitive cell forms -- those oil droplet governments.
But those drops were not alive, in the current sense, because each one of them contained a recipe of chemicals.
And every time they were divided by a distinction of the chemicals.
So every single thing was a little different.
In fact, the droplets that somehow were distributed to be better at the time to incorporate the circles -- they grew up, they were growing more chemicals and they divide more.
They generally lived longer time, they were more represented by it.
It was a form of life, chemical life, very simple, but things became interesting when these blobs learned the trick of abstraction.
In some way that we don't understand very well these guys learned to store information.
They learned to grab information, which was the recipe of the cell, in a special chemistry called DNA.
In other words, they worked in this meaningless evolution -- a writing system that allowed them to register what they were in order to replicate it.
The amazing thing is that that writing system seems to have remained stable since they evolved 2.5 billion years ago.
Our recipe, our genes, have exactly the same code, that same writing system.
In fact, every living is expressed with exactly the same set of letters and the same code.
And one of the things I did just for fun -- now we can write things with this code.
So here I have 100 white dust microbes that I try to hide to people of the airport security.
But it contains -- I took this code. The code has the common letters that we used to use in this -- and I wrote my personal data in this DNA fragments and I added it 10 to 22 times.
So if somebody wants 100 million copies of my personal card, I have many for all the present. In fact, for every single person in the world and it's here.
If it was a glass I would have put it in a virus, and it would have spread it through the room.
What was the next step.
Writing DNA was an interesting step.
This made these cells have been happy another billion years.
But then another huge step happened in which things became very different, and it was that these cells started to exchange and communicate information by forming cells of cells.
I don't know if you know, but bacteria can exchange DNA.
So for example, they evolved resistance to antibiotics.
Some bacteria found the way to avoid penicillin and put them apart to create their little DNA with other bacteria and now there are many resistant resistance, because bacteria communicate.
This communication gave rise to the communities that would be formed in a way, and they were together in that, and they set up a synergy.
So they survived or they failed together, or whether a community was very successful all the individuals of that community were replaced more and they were fascinated by evolution.
And the point of inflection happened when these communities came up with so much that, in fact, they got together and decided to write the whole recipe of the community together in a DNA chain.
The next interesting stage for life took another billion years.
And in that stage, we have multicellular communities, communities of many different types of cells working together as a single organism.
In fact, we are a multicellular community.
We have a lot of cells that don't act alone.
The skin cell doesn't serve the heart, or the muscles or the brain, and so on.
So these communities evolved and produced more interesting levels than the cell phone, something we call an organism.
The next level happened within these communities.
They started to abstract information.
And to build very special structures that didn't do more than process information in community.
It's the neural structures.
The neurons are the devices that process the information that those cell communities built.
In fact, they started to specialize within the community being the responsible structures to register and understand and transmit information.
Those were the brains and the nervous system of those communities.
And that gave them an evolutionary advantage.
Because at that moment as individuals, learning was confined to the duration of an organism, and not the evolutionary time.
So an organism could, for example, learning how to not eat certain fruit because he knew bad and sick the last time he ate it.
That could happen during the life of an organism because they had built these information processing structures that would have been learned for hundreds of thousands of years for the death of individuals who ate that fruit.
So the fact that the nervous system built those information structures enormously the evolutionary process.
Because evolution could now happen confined to an individual.
It could happen in the time necessary to learn.
But then, of course, the individuals discovered the trick of communication.
So for example, the most refined version we know is human language.
If we think about it, it's an incredible invention.
I have a very complicated idea, a vague idea, in the head.
I'm here sitting here emitting a few groups and hopefully building a similar idea, empty and confusing, in your heads that I hold some analogy with mine.
But we took something very complicated we made it into sound, in sound sequences and we produce something very complicated in another brain.
That now allows us to start working as an organism.
In fact, as a humanity, we've started to do abstract.
Now we go through periods of similar people to multicellular organisms, and we abstract our regime methods and presentation and information processing.
For example, the invention of language was a little step in that direction.
Telephone, computing -- video tape, CO2, etc., are the specialized mechanisms that we now build to handle that information.
And that gets us into something much bigger and faster and able to evolve more than we did before.
Now evolution can happen in microseconds now.
You saw the evolutionary example of the Toy in which I produced some evolution with the conflict program, in our eyes.
And now we've accelerated the scales of time again.
The first stages of the story that I told you about took a billion years every one.
The next stages, the nervous system and the brain, took a few hundred million years.
The next one, the language etc., took less than a million years.
And the next one, like the electronics, seems to take just a few decades.
The process is becomes breakfast, I guess that automatic is the right word to name something that accepts its own pace of change.
The more it changes, the faster it does.
And I think that's what we see in this explosion of the curve.
We see the process is become better.
But I would make my life designing computers and I know that the mechanisms that I employed to design them wouldn't be possible without the recent computer breakthroughs.
But now design objects of such complexity that would be impossible for me to design them in a conventional way.
I don't know that it does every transistor in that content machine.
There are billions.
Instead, with the designers of Thumber Mathematics, we think about a level of abstraction, we put it in the machine and the machine with that does something that you could not be able to get much further and faster than ever before.
In fact, sometimes I employ methods that we don't even understand well.
A particularly interesting method that I've been using lately, is evolution itself.
We put into the machine an evolutionary process that operates on the microscope scale.
And for example, in the most extreme cases, we can evolve a program from a random instruction of instructions.
We say, "Please, can you run a hundred million hectares of instructions in random?
Could you execute these sequences of instructions in chance, execute all of those programs, and take those who are more approaching what we want to do?"
In other words, I define what I want.
Let's say I want to order numbers, to put a simple example.
So we found the programs that are closer to order numbers.
Of course, it's unlikely to be a random installation of instructions, order numbers, so none of them did it.
But one, luckily, could use two numbers in the right order.
And I said, "Cancer, could you take 10 percent of those random sequences that do the best thing?
We go through those and eliminated the rest.
And now we play the ones that are better computerated by numbers.
And we went back to reproduce them following a recommendation process to sex.
We take two programs, which will make children engage underground, and that children inherit the properties of both program.
So we got a new generation of products of programs that were a little bit more successful.
And we said, "Please repeat the process."
Call it again.
It involves some mutations into it.
And it tries again and it tries again with another generation.
Well, every generation takes a few milliseconds.
So I can make the equivalent to millions of years of evolution in a few minutes, or in complicated cases, in a few hours.
At the end, we ended up with programs that order numbers in absolutely perfect ways.
In fact, they're a lot more efficient programs than I could have written by hand.
If I look at those programs, I can't say how they work.
I've tried to analyze them to see how they work.
They're dark programs, strangers.
But you get the measure.
In fact, I know, I have the security that they achieve the goal because they come from a link of hundreds of thousands of programs that did it.
In fact, their lives depend on doing it.
Once I was going on a 747 with Maria Ministers, and I pulled a card and says, "Look at this.
He says, "This plane has hundreds of thousands of participants who work together to offer a safe flight, doesn't make you feel translating.
We know that engineering processes don't work very well when they become complicated.
So we started to depend on computers to make good design processes.
And that allows us to produce much more complex things than the normal engineering.
However, we don't understand all the choices that we have.
In that sense, it goes ahead of us.
Now we use those programs to make computers much faster, and so can be able to execute these programs much more quickly.
I mean, it brings.
The thing goes faster and faster, and so I think it seems so confident.
Because all these technologies are become retrofitating.
We're sleeping.
And we are at a moment attached to the single-celled organisms when they became multiple.
We are the boys and we can't understand what the hell we're creating.
We're at the point of inflation.
But I think something comes behind us.
I think it would be very arrogant from our part to think that we are the end product of evolution.
And I think we are all part of the creation of whatever it comes from.
But now comes the lunch and I think I'm going to stop here before they get away.
I think we have to do something with a part of the medical culture that has to change.
And I think this starts with a doctor, and that's me.
And I've been doing enough time to allow me to celebrate part of my false prison in that.
Before I treat the theme of my talk, let's talk a little bit of baseball.
Why not?
We are close to the end of the World Wide Actually.
We love baseball, right?
The baseball is full of amazing statistics.
There are hundreds of statistics.
It's for being "really "realizing the rules and talking about the statistics and using them to form a big baseball team.
I will focus on one of them and I hope that many of you know it.
It's called a battery average.
And we talked about 300 of a battery that battery.
That means that basic battery effectively, three of 10 times.
That means throwing the ball into the game camp without being attracted, and that anyone who tries to launch it to the first base -- it doesn't come in time, and the second foundation will be saved.
Three attempts from 10.
You know how to call a 300 back in the Great Ligosts?
Well, really well, maybe the team of stars.
You know how you call a 400 baseball battle?
By the way, that's someone in 10 grade, about four.
Legay -- like the legendary Ted Williams, the last player of the Great League of baseball to execute 400 hits on a regular season.
Now we bring this to my world of medicine where I feel much more comfortable or maybe less uncomfortable, after what I'm going to tell you today.
Suppose they have appropriate and they are defeated to a surgeon that has a record of 400 in applications.
So it doesn't work, right?
Now suppose that they live in a remote place and one being loved has two observational arteries and their family doctor gave it to a heart whose record in antibiotic is 200 of them.
But do you know something?
She's improving this year.
And their trees have been 250.
This is not working.
But I'll ask you.
What do you believe that should be the average of a heart surgeon or a corner of a nurse or a selfish observation?
1,000. All right.
And the truth of the issue is nobody in the entire medicine knows the oceans of a good surgeon, a doctor or paradigm.
What we do, however, is to send them the world, and I get involved with the management of being perfect.
That never, ever, they make a mistake and pretend to figure out how to do it well.
That was the message that I absorbed when I was in medical school.
I was a complicated student.
Once, a fellow in high school said that Brian Goldma studied until a blood test.
Such that.
I studied in my little design, at the nurses of the nurses of the General Hospital of Toronto, not far from here.
And I learned all of memory.
From my kind of anatomy, I memorized the origin and the muscle work, the branching of every artery that comes out of the air, the digital diagnosis often and the non-state.
And I even knew the digital diagnosis about how to classify kidney strand architects.
And as much as I accumulate more and more knowledge.
And I was very good. I graduated with honor.
And you go from medical school with the impression that if you memorize everything, then I would know everything, or the most possible thing to do, because I'm going to get rid of mistakes.
And it worked for a while, until I met the Dr. Dr.
I was resident in a university hospital here, in Toronto, when they brought the Drug Drug to the emergency service where I was working.
At the time I was assigned to the cardiac service.
And when you emerge requested a cardiologist to go to me to go to that patient.
It will inform the head of residents.
When I saw Mr. Drug was alleging.
I heard a remarkable sound.
And when the supply hearing, I listened to a sound that was sharing in both sides, which was a heart failure.
In these conditions, the heart stops working, and instead of pumping blood forward, blood goes to the lungs, these are filled with blood, and that's why there's difficulty to breathe.
And it wasn't hard to diagnose it.
I did it and I started working on the treatment that I would give him.
I gave him aspiration and medication to alleviate pressure in his heart.
I gave him diabetes, water pills.
And in an hour or two, she started feeling better.
And I felt very well.
And that was when he made the first mistake, he sent her home.
Actually, I made two more mistakes.
He sent her home without talking to the head of residents.
I didn't raise the phone and I didn't do what I should have done, which was to call my boss and do it with him to see her.
And if my boss would have seen it, it would have been able to be able to bring the information out.
Maybe I did it for a good reason.
Maybe I didn't want to be a resident that requires constant attention.
Maybe I wanted to be so successful and able to take responsibility, that I could take care of my patients without even contact my boss without even answering my own person.
The second mistake I made was worse.
By sending her home, he didn't pay attention to a voice in my inner saying, "Golf, it's not a good idea. Don't do it."
In fact, I was so insecure that I asked the nurse to take care of the Dr. Dr. Desk that is okay if you go home?
And the nurse thought and then said with total nature, "Yes, I think it'll be right."
I remember that as if it was yesterday.
So he signed up the high, and the ambulance along with the paradigm took her home.
And I went back to the hospital room.
The rest of that day, that afternoon, I had a bad presentation in the stomach.
But I kept my job.
At the end of the day, I stayed to leave the hospital and walked into the parking parking where my car was to go home. At that moment I did something that I don't normally do.
I went through the emergency service service home.
And there is another nurse, not the one that was taken care of Mr. Drug before, but another one -- he told me three words, those three words that most emergency doctors fear of.
Other specialists fear them too, but there's a particular participation in education, and we see patients fundamentally.
The three words are: Do you remember you?
"Do you remember the patient who sent your home?"
I asked the other nurse with total nature.
"Well, she went back with the same tone of voice.
She was okay.
But I went back and on the verge of death.
In an hour of having come to his house, after I gave him the high house, he suffered a collapse and his family called 911 -- the paradigm brought it to emergency with an arbitrary pressure of 50 feet of Han, which means a severe shock.
I just breathe and I was blue.
The emergency staff passed all its resources.
They gave them medication to climb the blood pressure.
And they put an artificial breath.
I was controlled and hit to the cord.
He had a mixture of feelings because after they stabilize it was in intensive therapy and wait against all hope that he would recover.
And in the two or three days next I would never wake up.
I had an irreversible brain damage.
The family came together.
And in eight or nine days, they signed up what was happening.
And the ninth day, they let her go. Dropper Dr. wife, mother and grandmother.
They say they never forget the names that they die.
That was my first experience.
The next week, I was punished by it, and I experienced for the first time the shame that exists in our medical culture, and I felt like, isolated, without feeling that healthy shame because you can't talk to your colleagues.
You make the peace and you never make that mistake.
It's that shame that leaves an teaching.
The evil shame I talk about is the one that makes us feel very bad inside.
It's the one that tells us not that what we did was wrong, but we're bad.
And that felt that.
And it wasn't by my boss, he was a love.
I talked to the family, and I'm sure I would smooth things and make sure that I won't be surprised.
And I kept asking those questions.
Why did I not ask my boss? Why did I send her to his house?
And in my worst moments, why did I make a mistake so sound?
Why did I choose medicine.
Soon that feeling was disappearing.
And I started feeling better.
And in a cloudy day, the sky opened and finally came out the sun, and I wondered if I would feel better again.
And I did a deal with me in which if I was building the efforts to be perfect for not to make more mistakes to make these voices.
And so on.
I went back to work.
But it was going to happen.
Two years later, it was help in the emergency department in a community hospital in North Toronto, and I got a 25 year-old man with a pain in the throat.
I was very busy and put up.
And he pointed out here.
I looked at his throat -- I was a little color.
And he wrote it penicillin and sent her home.
But while he was headed on the door, he kept pointing his throat.
Two days later, when I came to do my guidance change, my head asked me to talk to me in his office.
And I tried the three words: Do you remember you?
Do you remember the patient who saw a pain in the garbage?
And he came back and he didn't have a strategic faith.
I had a potentially fatal effect called elephants.
You can find it in Google -- it's an infection, not from the throat, but of the upper air, and it can cause the close of those tracks.
He, fortunately, didn't fail.
The antibiotics are addicted to be interviewed and recovered in a few days.
And they went through the same period of shame and representations, then I got away and went back to work, until over and over again and again.
Two times in the same turn of embraces, they not are appropriated.
And it's a big effort, especially working in a hospital, because they go to 14 patients at the same time.
But in both cases, I didn't send them home, and I don't think it's been a discussion.
One of them thought I had a kidney calculation.
They order a race race, but it turned out -- a colleague that was coming back to the patient perceived a certain sensitivity in the lower right-hand square, and called the surgeon.
The other patient was with a lot of diarrhea.
I read liquid to redesign and asked my colleague to review it.
You reviewed it and you noticed some sensitivity in the lower right-hand square, called the surgeon.
Both of them were operated and they recovered well.
But every case I was started, I gave me.
But I'd like to tell you that I made the worst mistakes in the first five years of exercise, and as many colleagues say, it's a person.
The most significant ones have been for the last five years.
Only shared and without support.
And here's the problem: If I can't release myself and talk about my mistakes, if I can't find the voice that tells me what really happens, how can I share this with my colleagues.
How do I teach them that so they don't make the same mistakes?
If I would go into a place like this, I would have no idea what you think about me.
When was the last time you heard someone talking about failure, after failure.
Of course, in a party you'll hear about the mistakes of other doctors, but you won't hear someone talking about their own mistakes.
And if I knew and my colleagues also, that a translation in my hospital was adding the wrong leg, believe me that would be difficult to look at it in the eyes.
This is the system we have.
The total denial of mistakes.
It's the system where there are two positions -- those who make mistakes and the ones that don't sleep and the ones that you can't sleep, which are the ones that have a strong outcome and the ones that have great outcomes.
And it's almost like an ideological reaction as antibodies that start to attack that person.
We have the idea that if we go from medicine to people who make mistakes, we will have a safe system.
But that brings two problems.
In 20 years about distinction and medical journalism, I've made a personal study of bad medical pharmaceutical paradigm and medical errors to learn how possible, from the first article I wrote for the Star Star to my program, White Coast, Black Art."
And what I learned is that mistakes are unbelievable.
We work in a system where mistakes happen every day, where one in 10 prescription drugs in the hospital are wrong, or the device is not right. In a system where the interface infection is increasingly more and more numerous by providing chaos and death.
In this country, 24,000 Canadian devils are killed by preventable medical mistakes.
The U.S. Institute established 100,000 dollars.
In both cases, it's about broken running resources, because we're not doing the problem as we should.
And so there are things.
A hospital system where knowledge is multiplied every two or three years, and we don't get stuck.
So sleep deprivation.
We can't get rid of it.
We have cognitive biases that allow us to make a perfect history of a patient with pain in the chest.
Now, let's take the same patient with a pain in the chest, it comes up with crazy eyes and with alcohol and all of a sudden, my story is a little bit of description.
It's not the same story.
I'm not a robot. I don't do things always the same.
And my patients are not cars. They don't react their symptoms in the same way.
For all of this, mistakes are inevitable.
So if we took the system as they taught us, and we eliminate all the professionals prone to mistake, well, not to be no one.
And do people don't want to talk about their most great cases.
In my program, "Plate "Plate art -- this is a custom to say, "This is my worst mistake: I would tell everybody, from the paradigm to the head of heart surgery, this is my worst mistake -- blah blah blah blah -- "What are your errors? And it would lead the microphone to them.
And their students would stop, they would go down, they would go down the head and they would get saliva and start counting their stories.
They want to tell their stories, they want to share them.
You want to be able to say, "Look, don't eat the same mistake."
They need a context where they can do it.
They need a reference medical culture.
And it starts with a doctor every time.
The reformer physician is human, you know human, you accept it, and you don't get rid of your mistakes, but it spreads to learn from what happened to teach others.
They share their experiences with them.
It's support for those who talk about their mistakes.
It pointed out the mistakes of other people not with the intention of catching them, but a loving way and support for everyone to benefit.
And it works in a medical culture that recognizes human beings run the system, and when this happens, they get errors on the same time.
My name is Brian Goldma.
I'm a reference doctor.
I'm human, I make mistakes.
I feel a lot, but I strive to learn something that can transmit others.
I don't know what you think about me, but I can live with that.
And let me conclude with three personal words: I remember it.
You know how many decisions we take one day?
Do you know how much we choose in a week?
I recently made a survey to over 2,000 people and the average amount of choices that say to choose an average American American -- it's about 70 to the day.
Not a lot ago in a research followed for a week to a group of companies of companies.
The researchers recorded the different tasks deployed by these executives and the time they were engaged in making age-related decisions.
They found that on average, 133 jobs per week.
Naturally, every job included a lot of mentality.
Half of those decisions took nine minutes or less.
Only 12 percent required an hour or more of their time.
Now think about your elections.
Do you know how many of you belong to the category of nine minutes, and how many of you in an hour?
How do you heat the way that those decisions handle them?
So today I want to talk about one of the biggest problems of current -- choose to the overload of options.
I want to talk about the problem and some possible solutions.
As I talk about this I'm going to ask you a few questions and I need to know your answers.
When I ask a question, like I'm blind, raise your hand only if you want to burn calories.
In another way, when you ask a question, if your answer is positive, please get a palm.
And now my first question of the day, are you ready to hear about the problem of opposition of options?
Thank you.
Being a graduate graduate student at Stanford University, I was faced with this very, very high level, at least in that time was very sophisticated.
It was called Drake.
It was almost like going to a amusement park.
There was about 250 different kinds of mustard and virus, more than 500 different kinds of fruits and vegetables and about 25 of the water water, and this was when we take water from the tap.
I loved going to that store, but at one point I asked myself, why do I never buy nothing?
This is the standard of the olive oil.
They had over 75 different classes, including the ones that were in sealed box that came from military trees.
I once decided to visit the manager and ask him, "It works well this strategy of offering all of these options?
He pointed to me the fuels full of tweets that came every day, usually with their cameras.
We decided to make a little experiment with the beats.
Happy.
They had 340 different classes.
We installed a post to say, just to the entrance of the store.
We put up there from six flavors -- or 24 different flavors and we looked at two things: First of all, what about people were willing to stop the membership?
More people were stopped when there was 24 -- about 60 percent, that when there was only six, 40 percent.
We also looked at what case they were more likely to buy a strand of members.
So here we find the opposite effect.
Those of you who stopped when there was 24 percent, only three percent came to buy shark.
For those of you who stopped when there was six, we saw that 30 percent bought share.
If we do the calculations, people had six times more likely to buy mermitted if they found six -- that if they found 24 percent.
Well, deciding that we don't buy share is probably going to become a good thing to us, at least it's good to preserve the line, but it turns out that the problem of choice overload affects us in good decisions.
We decided to decide not to decide, even though this doesn't get us.
Now the theme of the day, the financial savings.
I'm going to describe you a study that I did with guru Hubble, Emergence Kamen and Web Jane, where we look at decisions about savings for about a million Americans, from about 650 plans in this country.
We were interested in seeing if the number of food supply is available on savings plans for retirement.
And we found that actually there was a correlation there.
We had 65 plans that went from two, to 59 different options.
We found that the bigger the number of fundamental funds, there was less participation.
So if you look at the extremes -- you see that in the plans that offer two funds, the participation rate was 70 percent or more, not as high as you will.
And on the plans that offered about 60 funds, the participation rate went down to the 60 percent.
It turns out that even if you decide to participate, when there's more choices, even in that case, there are negative consequences.
So for those of you who decided to participate, the greater the number of choices, more people were engaged by avoiding action or investment funds.
As long as there were more choices, they were more willing to invest in financial accounts of market.
But none of these extreme decisions are the ones that we would recommend to optimize future financial well-being.
In the previous decade, we've seen three main negative consequences by offering more and more possibilities.
The most likely thing is that they make the decision, they apply it even when this goes against the interest.
They are more likely to make the worst decisions, in finance and health.
They're more likely to choose less satisfying things, even though they usually get better.
The main reason is that we get to look at that giant variety of mass, mustard and blood and seal -- but we are not able to do the calculations to compare and contrast and choose from that amazing exhibition of it.
I want to propose to you four simple techniques that we've tried, in one way or another, in different research, so that they can test in their business.
The first one is, Cutting.
You've heard it before, but it's never been more true than today, that less is more.
People always bother when I say, "Look."
They care about losing space in the analytic.
But actually what we're looking at more and more is that if you decide to cut, you get rid of strange redundant options, there will be an increase in the sales -- you'll go down the costs, there will be a better experience in choice.
When Project & Gamble went from 26 different guys from Headburg & Shakespeare to 15, they saw a 10 percent increase in sales.
When the Goldman Cather Corporation eliminated the products for cats that are less sold -- the use of the use of 87, by two causes -- higher sales and fewer costs.
You know that the supermarket of today, on average, 45,000 products.
In a Wal-Mart store they offer about 100,000 products.
But the biggest stores in the current world is Alice and offering only 1,400 products -- a kind of tomato tomato sauce.
In the world of financial savings -- I think one of the best examples that have emerged about how to handle the choices is the plant of David Laneson, the Harvard program.
All of the Harvard employees are automatically incorrect to a life insurance fund.
You really want to choose, you give them 20 funds, not 300 or more.
You know that often people say, "I don't know how to cut up.
They're all important options."
The first thing I do is ask the employees, tell me the differences there are between those options.
And if your employees can't differentiate you will not be able to make your clients.
This afternoon, before I started this session, I was chatting with Gary.
He told me that he would be willing to offer people from this audience with a whole range of vacation to the most beautiful road in the world.
Here, a description here.
I want you to read it.
I'm going to leave you with a few seconds to read it, and then I want you to give up an applause if you're ready to take Garden supply.
(Music: All right.
Don't they are more?
Well, I'm going to show you something else.
You knew there was a trick.
Who is ready for that journey?
I think I actually got to hear more hands.
All right.
In fact, you had more information in the first round than in the second, but I can go through and say they thought the second time was more real.
Because the images made it more real.
This brings me to the second technique to handle the problem of the opportunity of choices, which is Content.
For people to understand the differences between choices, they have to understand the consequences of each choice, and that consequences have to be feeling very vivid in a very vivid way.
Why do people spend 15 percent more on average, when they use debit cards or credit cards than when they use effective?
Because it doesn't seem real money.
It turns out to make it more real, it can be a very positive tool for people to save more.
We did a study with Shakespeare Bender and Alaska President, on personal IBM personality -- these people were in a meeting where they were attacking a 40-year-old plan.
At that meeting, that we made it exactly as a computer, we made a little goodbye.
What we added was that we asked the staff to think about the positive things that would happen in their lives if they save more money.
With this mission there was an increase in the 2012 advices and an increase in the number that they were interested in saving or what they wanted to put in their savings account, from four percent.
The third technique is Claimeter.
We can handle more categories than options.
For example, this is a study that we did in a magazine hall.
We saw that in the Western Warners throughout the North corresponds the name of magazines can contain from 332 different types of things to 665.
But you know?
Because the classification tells me how to tell you.
These are two jewelry exhibitions.
One is called Japan and the other, "Shenghh."
If you think the one on the left is Sunish and the one on the right is Japan, give a palm.
(Music apples. Well, there's a few.
If you think the one on the left is Japan and the one on the right is Sunday, give a palm.
Well, something else.
It turns out it's right.
The one on the left is Japan and the one on the right is Sunday. But you know something?
This rating scheme is totally useless.
The categories have to indicate something to whoever they choose to, not to the definition.
You often see this problem with those huge finalies of background.
So who are they informing?
My fourth category, Congress complexity.
It turns out that we can handle much more information than we think, if we just simplify it a little bit.
We need to increase complexity.
I'm going to show you an example of what I mean.
Let's look at a complicated decision, the purchase of a car.
This is a German manufacturer of cars that allow us to personalize it.
You have to take 60 decisions, to assemble the car.
And these decisions vary in the number of choices that are offering each one.
Colors, outside color of the car. I have 56 possibilities.
More, box of change, four options.
What I'm going to do is to vary the order in which the decisions appear.
So half the customers are going to go from many options, 56 colors, a few boxes.
The other half of the customers are going to go from a few choices, four boxes, to 56 colors, many options.
And what am I going to look at?
How involved you are.
If you have always a button button in every decision, this indicates that they're abused, or it is: we're losing them.
We found that the ones that go from many choices to a few choices -- they push the button over and over again, and another more.
We lose them.
If you go from a few choices to many, they keep there.
Same information, the same number of options.
The only thing I did was to alter the order where information is presented.
If we start with the easy, you learn how to pick up.
Although the picking box is not saying anything about the preferences of inner decoration.
We are excited about a product that we're building that now has more upset with the process.
To sum up.
I've talked about four techniques to mitigate the problem of the choice: cut, eliminate strange alternatives -- concentrate, make it real. Charity, we can handle more categories with less choices, conditioning complexity.
All these techniques that I've presented to you were designed to help drive alternatives or better for you, to use them in their issues, or for the people who serve.
It is that I think the key to getting the best of an election is being careful by choice.
And the more careful we are in our choices, we will be able to practice the art of choice.
Thank you very much.
In the '80s, in the communist East Germany, if you had a typewriter of writing had to register it to the government.
He had to record a piece of text text with the machine.
And this is so that government could trace the origin of text.
If you found a writing with the wrong message you could track the footprint to the origin of the idea.
In the West, we didn't know that someone could do this, so much that this will limit freedom of expression.
We would never do that in our countries.
But today, in 2011, if you buy a laser color printer of any big manufacturing and print a page, that page will end up having a few yellow yellow dots in every page that follow a pattern that makes them own and their printer.
That's happening today.
And no one seems to be a lot of fun for this.
This is an example of the ways that our governments use technology against us, citizens.
And it's one of the three main causes of problems in the network.
If you look at what happens in the online world, we can grab attacks according to their attacks.
There are three main groups.
There are cybercriminals.
Like Mr. Diameronogram Gulf of the city of Kibera, in Ukraine.
The cyber cell cell is very easy to understand.
These guys make money.
They use cartoons to make a lot of money, huge amounts of money.
There are really many cases of millions online, multiplied millions, who won money with their attacks.
This is Valley Street, from Tara, Statement.
This is Alfred Golden.
This is Stephen Watt.
This is Brian Stanford.
These are Matthew Anderson: Task Alaska etc., etc., etc.
These guys do their online fortune lines, but they do it for illegal media through banking transplants to steal money from our account when we buy online, or steal our keys to get information from our cards when we buy in an infected computer.
The secret service of America, two months ago, frozen the Swiss account of this guy, Sam Japan, and this story was 144 million dollars when he was frozen up.
Mr. Jay and Jane and she seeks his paradox.
And I say that today is more likely than any of us are victims of a crime than a real crime.
And it's very obvious that this is going to be wrong.
In the future, most crimes will happen online.
The second group of attacks in importance that we see today is not motivated by money.
There's another thing that moves, they motivate the protests, they motivate the opinions -- they motivate laughter.
groups like Anonymous have collapsed in the last 12 months occupying a role in the online attacks.
Those are the three main attacks, the criminals that make it for money, the hackers like Anonymous who do it to protect and the last group are the national states the governments that they attack.
And then we see cases like Digital in Diarro.
That's a good example of government attack against its own citizens.
Digital is an authority of certain countries in the Netherlands, or, actually, it was.
declared the lab the last fall, because of a sanitation.
They served the safety of the site and they felt a cartoon.
Last week I asked, in a meeting with representatives of the Dutch government, I asked one of the leaders if they found the death of people because of the attack to Digital.
And the answer of him was yes.
So how do people die because of an attack of these?
Digital is a certified authority.
They sell clearly.
What do the certifications serve for?
Well, you need if you have a website with hearts, encrypted services SSRI, services like Gama.
Except they interpret a foreign certified authority.
And they emit capitalists that are emitting carefully.
And in the case of Digging exactly that.
And what happened in the Arab Spring, and those things that have happened, for example, in Egypt.
Well, in Egypt, the protesters picked up the headquarters of the Egyptian secret police in April 2011, and during the sweet of the building, they found many papers.
Among those paper was this card called "The TEDTalks.
And within that card there were notes of a company with silk in Germany that had sold the Egyptian government tools to intercept large-scale communications of citizens in the country.
They had sold this tool for 2,000 euros to the Egyptian government.
The company headquarters are right here.
So the Western governments provide tools to the totalitarian governments to do this to their citizens.
But Western governments also do this to themselves.
For example, in Germany, just a couple of weeks ago, the Sunjack transplant, a translator used by official government officials to investigate their own citizens.
If you're suspicious in a good criminal case, it's pretty obvious that your phone is intervened.
But today it's beyond there.
The connection to the Internet.
They will use even tools like the Sun transplant to infect our computer with a traffic to allow them to see all the communication, and listen to the discussions online, to get our data.
When we think about things like these the obvious answer should be, "Well, it looks bad, but it doesn't really affect me because I'm a honest citizen.
Why to worry about?
I have nothing to hide.
And that argument doesn't make sense.
It's in the game.
Privacy is not upset.
It's not a matter of privacy against security.
It's about freedom against control.
If we could trust our governments today in 2011, any right that we take today, to be forever.
Do we rely on any future government, in an administration that we could have within 50 years?
These are the questions that have to worry about over the next 50 years.
This is where I live. I live in Kenya, in the southern part of Narrance National Park.
These are the cows of my dad in the background, and behind the cows -- the National Park of Nairobi National.
The Nairobi National Park has no closer in the most South, which means that wild animals like the books migrate freely outside the park.
And predators, like lions. They follow them, and this is what they do.
They kill our cattle.
This is one of the ones that killed at night, and as soon as we got up in the morning, and we found it dead -- I felt very bad because it was the only storm we had.
My community, the masses we think we came from the sky with our animals and all the land to pay them, and so we value them so much.
So I grew up hearing a lot of lions.
They are dying are warriors that protect our community and livestock and they are also upset with the problem.
So kill lions.
This is one of the six lions that killed in Nairobi.
I think that's why there are so few in the National Park, in Nairobi National Park.
A child in my community, from six at nine years old, is responsible to the livestock of his father and this was the same thing that happened to me.
So I had to find a way of solving this problem.
My first idea was to use fire, because I thought the lions were scary.
But I realized that this was actually not serious, because it even helped lions to see the forest of far.
I didn't get up. I continued.
A second idea was to use a space.
I tried to trick the lions to believe that I was near the floor.
But the lions are very smart.  They came the first day and they saw the spaces, and they went around, but the second day, they came back and said, this thing doesn't move, it's always here.  So they jumped up and killed animals.
So one night I was walking around the stage with a torch and that day, the lions didn't come.
I discovered that lions are afraid of light that moves around.
So I had an idea.
And I got a switch that I got to go through and turn the lights off.
And this is a little limb of a broken line.
I arrested everything.
As you can see, the solar panel charges the battery and the battery supplies electricity to the little indicator box. I call it a transformation.
And the indicator box makes lights away.
As you can see, the light bulbs go outside, because that's where the lions come from.
And that's how you see the lions when they come at night.
The lights are bringing up and training the lions to think that I'm walking through the stable, but I'm sleeping in my bed.
Thank you.
So I put them in my house two years ago, and since then, we never had trouble with lions.
And the neighborhood houses heard the idea.
One of them is from this grandmother.
She had killed a lot of animals and asked me if I could put the lights up.
I said yes.
I put them. You can see the background, these are the lights for lions.
Since then, I've installed them in seven houses in my community, and they're serving a lot.
And my idea is also used by Kenya, to scare other predators like stories, legs, and it's also being used to spread elephants from farms.
Thanks to this invention I was fortunate to get a scholarship in one of the best schools in Kenya, Brownest International School, and I'm very excited.
My new school now is helping to raise funds and awareness.
I even took my friends to my community and we installed lights in the houses that don't have, and I teach them how to put them.
So a year ago, it was just a kid in the washing prevents of my father's cows, and I used to see airplanes flying and told me that someday would be inside one.
And here I am.
I got the opportunity to come in airplane for the first time to TED.
My big dream is to become an engineer engineer and pilot when it grows up.
I used to hate the lions, but now as my invention is saving the cows of my dad and the lions, we can be with lions without any conflict.
Alabama. What in my tongue means, thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You don't imagine how exciting it is to hear a story like you.
So you get a scholarship -- Richard Turkey: Yes.
CA: You're working on other electrical inventions.
What's the next on your list?
RL: My next invention is -- I want to do an electric fence -- CA: An electrical close?
RL: I know you already invented the electric fences -- but I want to do the mine.
CA: You tried once, right? (Music: I've tried it before, but stop because I got a chest --  CA: The foot of the canyon. Richard Turkey, you're a big thing.
Let's go in every step that you see, my friend.
Thank you very much. RM: Thank you very much.
When I was little, I thought my country was the best on the planet.
And I grew up singing a song called "No seek anything."
And I felt very proud.
In school, we spent all the time studying Kim Isnamitation, but we never learned a lot of the rest of the world, except that America, South Korea, Japan are the enemy.
Although sometimes I was wondering about the rest of the world, I thought I would spend my whole life in North Korea, until it all changed all of my sudden things.
When I was seven years old, I saw my first public execution.
But I thought my life in North Korea was normal.
My family was not poor and myself had never been hungry.
But one day, in 1995, my mom brought home a letter from my sister's colleague of mine.
And he said, "When you read this, the five members of the family will stop exist in this world, because we haven't eaten in the last two weeks.
We are recorded together on the floor, and our bodies are so weak, that we're prepared to die."
I was very altered.
It was the first time I heard that people were suffering in my country.
At little time, when I walked in front of the train station, I saw something terrible that I can't delete from my memory.
A woman without life was dead on the street, holding a child out in his arms looking at his mother's face without being able to do anything.
Nobody helped them, because they were very concerned about taking care of themselves and their families.
A huge famine brought to North Korea.
In the end, over a million North Koreans died during the famine and only a few survived passenger, insects and tree cortex.
They also became more and more frequently the energy cuts -- all around me was completely on dark at night except for the sea lights.
I always wondered why they had light, and we don't.
This is a satellite picture of North Korea at night compared to neighboring countries.
This is the Arab River, which serves a limit between North Korea and China.
As you can see, the river can be very angry at certain points, allowing Koreans to cross secret.
But many die.
Sometimes I saw bodies floating in the river.
I can't reveal the details of how I came from North Korea, but I can only say that during the years of hunger, I was sent to China to live with distant patterns.
But I just thought I would be separated from my family for short time.
I could never have imagined that I would take 14 years back to live together.
In China, it was difficult to live as a young woman without my family.
I had no idea what life would be like.
But soon I learned that it's not just extremely difficult, but also dangerous, because the Korean refugees in China were considered illegal immigrants as well.
So I was living with a constant fear that my identity was revealed, and it would be repeated to a horrible fate back in North Korea.
One day, my worst nightmare became reality, when I was arrested by the Chinese police and introduced me in the police station.
Somebody had been accused by being North, so they looked at my skills in the Chinese language, and they asked me many questions.
I was terrified.
I thought my heart was going to explode.
If it didn't seem natural, it could be incarcerated and depressed.
I thought my life was going to end.
But I managed to control my emotions and answered the questions.
At the end of the interrogation an officer said to another, "This was a fake reporter -- she's not northeast.
And they let me go. It was a miracle.
Some notes in China are looking at analysis in foreign bumps.
But many can be arrested by Chinese police and depressing.
These women were very lucky.
Although they had captured them, they were eventually released after a harsh international pressure.
These Koreans were so lucky.
Every year, countless Koreans are captured in China and deposited to North Korea, where they're tortured, engaged or executed in public.
Although I was lucky to escape, many other Koreans have not been so lucky.
It's tragic that the Koreans have to hide their identities and fight that hard only to survive.
Even after learning a new language and finding work, all of your world can be used in a second.
This is why after 10 years of hiding my identity, I've decided to be about going to South Korea.
And I started a new life again.
To be in South Korea was a much bigger challenge than I expected.
The English was very important in South Korea, I had to start learning my third language.
Also, I understood that there was a big gap between North and South America.
We're all Koreans, but we have come to be very different because of 67 years of fun.
Even a crisis of identity.
Am I southern or North North?
Where am I? Who am I?
Suddenly, there was no country that could call me with a professor.
Although admitting to life in South Korea was not easy, I made a plan. I started studying for the university.
Just when I started to adapt to my new life, I got an alarming call.
North Korean authorities were interacting with some money that sent my family, and as a punishment -- my family was going to be displaced to the force to a remote location on the outside.
They had to run immediately.
So I started planning how to help them escape.
The Koreans have to travel long distances on the way toward freedom.
It's almost impossible to cross the border between North Korea and South Korea.
So, ironically, I took a flight to China and walked into the border with North Korea.
Because my family couldn't speak Chinese, I had to guide them, in some ways, for over three thousand miles across China and then through the Southeast Asia.
The bus trip took a week, and we almost went caught several times.
Once, our bus was arrested and treated by a Chinese police officer.
He asked the identification of all and started asking questions.
As my family couldn't understand Chinese, I thought my family was going to be arrested.
When the Chinese official came up to my family, I suddenly stood up and told him that they were sounder people who were coming in.
I looked at me personally, but fortunately he believed me.
We did all the way to the London border.
But I had to spend almost all my money to bribe border guards in Laures.
But even after spending the border, my family was arrested and uncomfortable to cross the border in the bone.
After paying crutches and breaks, my family was released in a month.
But in the time, my family was arrested and incarcerated again in the Ladies capital.
This was one of the lowest dots in my life.
I did everything to release my family, and we were so close, but my family was held in prison to short distance from the South Korean embassy of the South Korea.
I was going into the emergency office and the police station, desperately trying to liberate my family.
But I didn't have enough money to pay more bribes or multiple.
I lost hope.
At that point, or the voice of a man asking, "What's the problem?"
I was so surprised that a stranger would be asked to ask.
With my poor English and with a dictionary, I explained the situation, and without doubt -- the man went to the automatic card and gave me the rest of the money for my family and for other two notes and to get them out of prison.
I thank my heart, and I asked him, "Why do I help me?"
"I'm not helping you, he said.
"I'm helping the northern village.
I realized that that was a symbolic moment in my life.
The nice unknown success is a new hope for me and for the North village, when we needed it.
And I showed that the kindness of the unknown and the support of the international community are really the hope ray that the North village needs to.
Over time, after our long journey, my family and I met in South Korea.
But achieving their freedom is only half the battle.
A lot of Koreans are separated from their families, and when they go to a new country, they start with little or no money.
So we can benefit from the international community with education, primary language practices, job practices, and more.
We can also act as a bridge between people within North Korea and the rest of the world.
Because many of us followed in contact with families still inside, and we send information and money that is helping to change North Korea from within.
I've been very lucky, I have received a lot of help and inspiration in my life, so I want to help you give to Koreans an opportunity to thrive with international support.
I'm sure you're going to see more and more Koreans translated around the world, including on the TED stage.
Thank you.
I live in South Central Center.
This is South Central Center: light stores quickly, fast food, ballet food.
So the city planners came together and thought, we're going to change the name of South Central to represent something else, so they changed it to the South Angeles, as if this will fix what is actually wrong in the city.
This is Los South And Southern Langues, fast food, fairy footprints.
Just like 26 million other Americans, I live in a food desert, Los Angeles Center South, home of food places to take and eat in the car.
The curious thing is that the food places to bring more people kill than the food in the car.
People are dying of cultural diseases in Los Angeles Center.
For example, the obesity rate in my neighborhood is five times older than, say, Beverly Hills, which is about 15 miles away.
I'm glad to see this happens.
And I ask myself, how would you feel if you didn't have access to healthy food, and if every time you get out of home, you see the harmful effects that the current food system has in their neighborhood?
I see chairs bought and sold as cars used as cars.
I see centers of public drawings like Stars.
And I think this must stop.
I think the problem is the solution.
Food is the problem and it's the solution.
I also get tired of handling 45 minutes of road and back to buy an apple that doesn't have any pesticides, right?
What I did, it was planting a food forest in front of my house.
In a land farm that we call a garden.
It's about 45 feet three meters.
The point is, it belongs to the city.
But you have to keep it.
I said, "Well, I can do what comes to me, because it's my responsibility and I have to keep it."
That's how I decided to keep it.
So my group and I, L.A. Green Grounds, we got together and we started planting our food forest -- fruit trees, you know, the nine complete vegetables.
What we do, we are a kind of paid group by advanced by the garden of all the process, all the city and completely volunteers and all we do is free.
And the garden was beautiful.
Then someone complained it.
The city came to me on top of it, and in summary, they gave me a quote saying that I had to retire my garden, the city was made a criminal order.
And I said, "Come on, really?
A court order for planting food in a piece of land that no one matters?  So it was like, "Well, get it."
Because this time it wasn't going to happen.
L.A. Times had the story written by Steve Lobert, and he talked to the promise and one of the Greeks Greeks, who put a petition in Chango, with 900 images, we were successful.
We had the victory in our hands.
My property even called to say that they went through and worship what we were doing.
I mean, we go, why not?
L.A. is the U.S. city with more strands ballet.
It has 68 miles of junk terrain.
That's 20 Central Park.
That's enough space to plant 720 million tomato plants.
Why do you don't think about this?
Telling a plant to give a few thousand seeds.
When a dollar dollar will give you 75 dollars of output.
It's my HIV, when I tell people, cultivate your own food.
Growing your own food is like printing your own money.
You see, I have a legacy for South Central Center.
I grew up there. I raised my kids there.
I refused to be part of this manufacturing reality that was manufacturing for me, and I'm going to manufacture my own reality.
You see, I'm an artist.
The garden is my graph, I grow my art.
Like a graffiti artist, which is a walls of graph, and I pump soils, and swarms.
I use the garden, the land, as a piece of canvas, and the plants and the trees, are my embrace of that canvas.
You'll be surprised to see what the Earth can do. If you let it be your canvas.
You just can't imagine how amazing a surgeon is and how it affects people.
What happened?
I'm witness of how my garden became a tool of education, of transformation of my neighborhood.
To change the community, you have to change the composition of land.
We're the land.
They would be surprised to see how they affect kids.
The garden is the most therapeutic and private act that you can do, especially in an area.
Also, they get French.
I remember one occasion, who came up with a mother and his daughter, were like 13,000 at night and they were in my garden. I went out and looked very loved.
I, well, man, I felt bad that they were there, and I said, you know, you don't have to do this.
This is on the street for a reason.
I felt shame when I saw people who were so close to me, and this just reinforces why I do this, people ask me, "Finance, don't you fear that people are going to steal your food?"
What I say, "Oh God no, I don't have fear that you will steal it."
So it's on the street.
That's what it's about.
I want you to take it, but at your time, I want you to take your health.
There was another time in which I put a garden in a refugee in the center of Los Angeles.
There were these guys, who helped me download the truck.
It was amazing, they shared their stories about how this had affected them and how they used to plant with their mom and their grandmother, and it was fabulous to see how this changed them, so it was just for a moment.
So Green Ground has come to plant maybe 20 garden.
We've had about 50 people who come from, work and participate, all in volunteer plan.
If kids grow up, kids will eat tail.
If you grow tomatoes -- you eat tomatoes --  But if none of this is taught if you don't teach them how food affects your mind and body, you eat blind what you get in front of you.
I see young people who want to work, but they have this thing that they're stuck. I see kids of color that are on this path designed for them, which doesn't take them nowhere.
With the garden, I see an opportunity where we can train these kids who are acceptable from their communities to have a sustainable life.
And when we do this, who knows?
Maybe the next George Washington Charlest.
But if we don't change the composition of land, we never will.
Now this is one of my plans now, this is something I want to do.
I want to plant a whole block of gardens, where people can share food on the same picture.
I want to take containers and turn them into healthy coffee.
Don't get me wrong.
I'm not talking about free things, because the free is not sustainable.
The curious thing about sustainability is that you have to sustain it.
What I'm talking about is to put people to work on the street, take kids out of the street, and they know the joy, the pride and honor of growing their own food, opening markets.
What I want to do here, we have to do it sexy.
I want you all to become electrical reference, you know, gardens look at it.
We have to change the script of what's a sugar.
If you're not a garden, you're not a sugar.
So that the leaders take their foot right?
That is their choice gun.
In addition, if you want to meet with me, well, if you want to see me, don't call me if they want to sit in comfortable chairs and have meetings to talk about doing some measurement, to talk about making some shit.
If you want to see me, they come to the garden with their stick, so we can plant something.
Peace peace. Thank you.
Thank you.
(Audience:  You probably all agree with me that this is a very nice road.
It's made of application, and the asphalt is a good material to drive, but not always, especially not in days like today, where it gets a lot.
You can have a huge amount of water in the asphalt that you want.
And especially if you're riding in your bike and these cars go by, that's not very nice.
Also, the asphalt can make a lot of noise.
It's a noisy material and if we built roads, like in the Netherlands, very close to cities, we would want a silent road.
The solution for that is to make portable speed roads.
Portray, a material that we use now in most of the roads of the Netherlands, has pores and water can go through it, so all of the rain water will flow into the sides and have a road for which it's easy to drive, and you won't save water again.
Noise will also disappear in these pores too.
Because it's very hot, all the noise will disappear, so it's a very silent road.
It also has disasters, of course, and the downside of this road is that you can get rid of it.
What is the to go? You see that in this road the stones of the surface are gone.
First of all, then a few more and more and more and more, and then -- well, I don't do that.  But you can give them their paradox, and they're not happy with that.
And finally, this can also lead to more and more damage.
Sometimes they can create bugs with that.
Oh. It's ready.
BackWels, of course, that you can become a problem, but we have a solution.
Here you can really see how the damage looks like in this material.
It's a portion of portion, as I said, so it only has a little amount of adoptation between the stones.
Because of the intersection of the English, the online, the oxygen, this attack, this beauty, the glue between the rides, will be scared, and if you get up, you will be making microscopes and getting rid of the addicts.
So, if you drive down the road, you will take the added adolescents, as you saw it here.
To solve this problem, we think about self-interest materials.
If we can make this material author, then we probably have a solution.
So what we can do is use steel wool from that to clean sands, and we can cut up the steel wool in very small pieces, and we can mix those little bits with the beauty.
So we have a little speed with little bits of steel in it.
Then you need a machine, like you see here, that you use to cook -- a manifestation machine.
Index can heat up, especially steel, is very good at that.
So what you need to do is heat the steel, melt the beauty, the beauty flow through these microscopes, and the stones will look back to the surface.
Today I used a microwave oven, because I can't bring the big machine into the indicator of the stage.
Microscopent oven is a similar system.
I put the sample, which I'm going to take to see what happened.
This is the sample that comes out now.
I said we have this kind of industrial machine in the lab to heat the samples.
We tried a lot of samples there and then the government, they really saw our results, and they thought, "Well, that's very interesting. We need to try it."
So they gave us a piece of roads, 400 meters of the Achille freeway, where we had to do a test cart to test this material.
So that's what we did there. You see where we were doing the road test, and then of course, this road lasts several years without damage. That's what we know about practice.
We took many samples from this road, and we tested them in the lab.
We were able to aging the samples, we put a lot of charge on them, we repair them then with our housing machine and we repair them and test them.
We can repeat this many times.
Well, to conclude, I can say that we've done a material using steel fibers, incorporating these fibers using the energy energy to actually increase the life surface to actually increase the life surface of the road, and you can actually save a lot of money with very simple tricks.
And now, of course, they have curiosity of whether this also worked.
We still have the sample here. It's pretty hot.
Actually, you have to cool first before you can show you how the repair is.
But I'm going to do a try.
Let's see. Yes, it worked.
Thank you.
When I was 11, I remember having woken up one morning with the sound of the tree in my house.
My father was listening to BBC News in his little gray radius.
He had a big smile in his face that was unusual in those times, because the news generally deploysts.
"The Taliban were like, "The Taliban was screaming my father.
I didn't know what it meant, but I could see my father was very, very happy.
"Now you can go to a truth school, he told me.
One morning I will never forget.
A real school.
You see, I was six years old when the Taliban came out of Afghanistan and made it illegal that girls were going to school.
For the next five years, I was dressed as a child to choose my older sister that I couldn't be alone outside, to go to a secret school.
It was the only way we could educate them.
Every day, we took a different route so that nobody could suspect where we were going.
We had to hide the books on the market bag to look like we were shopping.
The school was in a house, over 100 of us supported in a small room.
It was nice in the winter, but extremely hot.
We all knew that we risk our lives -- the teacher, the students and our parents.
Every once in a while, school was suddenly closed by a week, because the Taliban supported them.
We always wondered what they knew about us.
Were we following us?
They knew where we live?
We were terrified, but still, the school was where we wanted to be.
I was very fortunate to grow in a family where education was appreciated and daughters a team.
My grandfather was an extraordinary man for his time.
A total supply of a remote province of Afghanistan, insisted that his daughter, my mother, went to school and so his father repeated him.
But my mother wrong became a teacher.
This is her.
It will take two years ago, just to convert our house in school for girls and women in our neighborhood.
And my father, this is the first of all his family to receive education.
There was no doubt that their children had to receive education, even their daughters, despite the Taliban.
For him, there was a bigger risk in not educating his children.
For the years of the Taliban. I remember there were times that I was very frustrated for our life and was always scared and not see a future.
I wanted to get up, but my father said, "Me, my father, you can lose everything you have in life.
You can steal your money. You can force your house during a war.
But there's one thing that will always be with you, which is here and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education, we'll do it.
So do you want not to continue?
I'm 22 years old.
I grew up in a country that has been destroyed by decades of war.
Less than six percent of women in my age have more than the black, and if my family hadn't been so committed to my education, I would be one of them.
Instead, I find myself here proud to graduate Microsoft College.
When I went back to Afghanistan, my grandfather who was removed from his home for the courage of educating his daughters, was one of the first ones to happy.
He wasn't just taking care of my college degree, but also that I was the first woman, and I'm the first woman, who took him driving on the streets of Kabul.
My family believes in me.
I dream big, but my family has even bigger dreams for me.
That's why I'm the global ambassador of 1918, a global campaign to educate women.
This is why I cofounded SANS, the first and perhaps the only private school for girls in Afghanistan, a country where it's still risky for girls going to school.
The exciting thing is that I see students in my school with the strong desire to leverage opportunity.
And I see their parents and their families who, like my own, launch for them, despite and still in front of a delightful opposition.
Like America. It's not his real name, and I can't show you his face, but American is the father of one of my students.
Less than a month ago, he and his daughter were walking from SOPA to his village, and literally they were escaped to be killed by a bomb on the road, for minutes.
When you get to your house, you're the phone, a voice would warn you that if you kept sending your daughter to school, you would try.
"Look at me, if you want to, he said, "But I'm not going to hurt my daughter for his old and reframed idea."
What I've realized about Afghanistan, and it's something that is often forgotten in the West, is that behind most of whom we triangle, there's a father who recognized the value of their daughter, and that sees the success of her own success.
It doesn't mean that our mothers have not been key to our success.
In fact, they are often the first compelling interfaces of their daughters, but in the context of a society like Afghanistan, we need the support of men.
Under the Taliban, the girls who went to school are told in hundreds -- remember, it was illegal.
But today, over three million girls go to school in Afghanistan.
Afghanistan looks so different from here in America.
I find that Americans see the fragility of changes.
I fear that these changes don't have a lot, after the U.K. troops of America.
But when I go back to Afghanistan, when I see students in my school and their parents who advocate for them, that we encourage them, I see a promise future and a lasting change.
And for me, Afghanistan is a country of hope and limited possibilities -- and every day of SOPA will remind me.
Like me, they dream big.
Thank you.
I've never forgotten the words of my grandmother who died in the explanation, "Hai, resistance Galapagos. He struggled against him.
But you never get a revolutionary style revolution.
They have spent almost two years since the living revolution inspired by the hands of mass mobility so much of the Tunisian revolution as the Egyptian.
A forces with a lot of other living citizens, within and out of the country to call a driver day and start a revolution against Gaian transparency regime.
And we succeeded. It was a big revolution.
Women and men who were young books were in the carbon, demand the fall of the regime, by providing freedom, dignity and social justice.
They have shown a value of the face of the distribution of Gamahain.
They've shown a big sense of solidarity from the East East to the west, to the south.
Finally, after a period of six months of brutal war and a few losses of about 50,000 dead death, we managed to release our country and defeat the shark.
However, Gaddafi left a heavy street, a legacy of tyranny and corruption and self-interest.
For four decades, the transit regime of Gaddafi destroyed infrastructure, culture and moral structure of liberal society.
It's aware of the devastation and the challenges, I've loved -- together to many other women, rebuild liberal civil society, demanding an inclusive transition and fair transition to democracy and national reconciliation.
They set up about 200 organizations in Benjamin and immediately after the fall of Galapagon.
After a 30 years of existence, I went back to Libya, and with a unique enthusiasm I started organizing workshops on the development of capacities and leadership skills.
With an incredible group of women we founded the Library World Platform for Peace -- a movement of women, leaders, very diverse orientation, to advocate for the social autonomy of the woman and for our equal participation right in the building of democracy and peace.
I found myself with a very difficult environment in the president period, an environment that was increasingly polarized -- which is model of political puzzle and exclusion.
Over time, our initiative was approved and successful.
Women won about 17 percent of the National Congress in the first 52 years.
However, a little bit of the choice of choice and revolution as a whole, were disappearing, every day we found news of violence.
One day we wake up with the news of the old mosques and Sufi mountains.
Another day I loved with the next news of the American ambassador and the consumer attack.
Another day we wake up with the news of the army of the military of the army.
And every day, every day we wake up with the government of military and their continents of human rights and their lack of respect of law.
Our society formed by a revolutionary mindset, and it gets polite more, and it's gone away from the ideals and principles of freedom, dignity, social justice, that we had at the beginning.
Internet, exclusion and revenge became the icons of the consequences of the revolution.
I'm not here today to inspire you with our history of the successful list and the elections.
Now, I'm here today to confess that we, as a nation, we chose wrong, we make the wrong decision.
We don't prioritize well.
Because the choices don't bring peace and stability and security to Libya.
The creative list and the alternative between candidates and candidates brought peace and national reconciliation?
No, they didn't.
What happened then?
Why is our society still still pollinated and dominated with selfish policies of domination and exclusion, both for men like women like men?
Maybe what was missing was not just women, but the female values of compassion, mercy and inclusion and inclusion.
Our society needs the national dialogue and the creation of consensus more than they needed choice, which only reinforced polarization and division alone.
Our nation needs the qualitative representation of the feminist more than need the numerical and quantitative representation of it.
We need to stop acting like indication agents and calling the days of anger.
We need to start acting as agents of compassion and micro-section.
We have to develop a female speech, that not just honor but also put the mystery in practice instead of convention, collaboration instead of competition, inclusion instead of exception.
These are the ideals that a Libya, determined by the war, needs desperately in order to reach peace.
Because peace has an altitude that deals with interaction and alternative between female perspectives and males.
That's the real creativity.
We need to establish that in an existential way before we do it in a political way.
According to an array of the Koran California, peace, "It's the word of the microbes microscope, "forever, compassion."
At the same time, the word "radiation," which is known in all the architectural traditions, has the same root in Arabic that the word "Three-year-old -- symbolizing the female and material, which fits all of the humanity that men and women, that all tribes and all the peoples have gone on.
And so as the third covers the embryo completely entertaining, that grows into the divine matrix of natural compassion all the existence.
This is how it tells us, "My micro-machine admires all things.
This is how it tells us, "My micro-section preventions on my ground."
You all have the grace of microscope.
Thank you.
I'm here today to talk to you about an incredible question, which has an equally incredible answer.
This is about the secrets of domestic violence, and the question I'm going to deal with is the one that everybody else is, why is she left?
Why was someone going to stay with a man who painting her?
I'm not a psychiatrist, no social worker, not expert in domestic violence.
I'm just a woman with a story to tell.
I was 22 years old. I had just joined Harvard University.
I had moved to New York for my first job as a writer and editor in Several magazine.
I had my first apartment. My first green coast American Exposure, and he had a very big secret.
My secret was that many, many times, the man, that I created my soul shadow, he pointed me on the head with a strand, tied up with a hair standard.
The man, which I loved more than anybody in this world, put a pistol in my head and threatened to kill me more times than I can remember.
I'm here to tell you the story of love love -- a psychological trap -- which is deserved by love, where they fall every year of women, and even some men.
Until it could be his story.
I don't look like a typical survival of domestic violence.
I'm a liberation in English from Harvard University, and I have a MBA in March Business Scott.
I've spent most of my career working for the Fortune 500 list, between them Johnson & Johnson, Leo Brunosex and The Washington Post.
I have almost 20 years married with my second husband and we have three children.
My dog is a black book and driving a minister Hong Obama.
So my first message for you is that domestic violence can happen to anyone, all the race, all the religions -- all levels of money and education.
It's everywhere.
And my second message is that everybody thinks that domestic violence happens to women, which is a problem of women.
Not exactly.
More than 85 percent of the malaria are men, and the domestic abuse only happens in intimate relationships, interesting and long duration or said in another way, in the families, the last place where we want or hope to find violence, the reason the domestic abuse turns so discouraged.
I would have told you that it would be the last person in the world that would stay with a man who pays him, and in fact I was a very typical victim because of my age.
I was 22 years old, and in the United States, women in between 16 and 24 years of age have three times more likely to be victims of domestic violence than other ages, and over 500 women and girls of that age are killed every year by partners, novelts and hungry husbands in the United States.
I also was a typical victim because I didn't know anything about domestic violence, his warning signals or his patterns.
I met Congo in a cold, rainy night of January.
I was sitting on my side in New York subway and started to figure out with me.
He told me two things.
The first one was that he had just released from a university of the Isle Life and worked in a very important bank of Wall Street.
But what struck me in that first encounter was that it was ready and fun, and it seemed like a field guy.
I had some big flowers like apples, and a wheat book trip, and it seemed so sweet.
One of the smartest things that Congo did, from the beginning, was to create the illusion that I was the dominant component of the mate.
He did it on the beginning by putting me in a pediatricia.
We started to go out and love it all about me, which was list, that I had gone to Harvard -- that I put passion in helping teenage girls and my work.
I wanted to know everything about my family, my childhood, my dreams and illusions.
Congo believed in me, as a writer, and as a woman, as no one had ever done it.
And that was why the license in that prestigious school and the work in Wall Street and his brilliant future had so much relevance to him.
I didn't know that the first phase in any relationship of domestic violence is to serve and make the victim.
And I didn't know the second step is to isolate it.
Now, the last thing I wanted to do was get me back from New York and leave my dreams, but I thought I had to do sacrifices for your partner, so I accepted I left my work and Congo and I went together from Manhattan.
I had no idea that I was walking in a low love of love, which was getting head in a physical, financial and psychological trap.
The next step in the pattern of domestic violence is to introduce the threat of violence to see how she reacts it.
And this is where they go into the scene those strands.
As soon as we moved to New England you already know, that site where it was supposed to be supposed to be so safe to buy three steps.
One was in the car surgery.
Another one is straight under the pillow in our bed and the third always in his pocket.
And he said that he needed those clues because of the trauma that lived of small.
He needed them to feel secure.
But those strands were actually a message for me, and although I had never raised my hand, my life was already in serious danger every minute every day.
The first physical attack in Congo happened five days before our wedding.
It was seven in the morning and I still had the truck on.
Five days later, when the 10 mountains of my neck had disappeared, I put my mother suit and married me with him.
Despite what had happened, I was sure that we would live happily forever, because I loved it, and he loved me so much.
And I was very, very remarkable.
He just felt very shocked by the wedding and the fact of forming a family with me.
I had been an isolated accident, and I would never make my harm.
I spent twice more in our honey moon.
The first time I was driving up to a secret beach and lost me, and he gave me so strong in the head that I bounce around several times against the window of the car.
And then, a couple of days later, driving back from our honey moon, he broke down the traffic and threw a Big Mac cold to the face.
Congo kept pushing me one or twice a week for the next two and a half years of our marriage.
I was wrong when I thought it was the only one in this situation.
One of three American women is victims of domestic violence or act at some point in their life, and the Center of Disease Center that every year 15 million children are made, 15 million.
So, actually, I had very good company.
And I'm going back to my question: Why do I get there?
The answer is simple.
I didn't know he was abusing me.
Instead, I was a very strong woman, fell in love with a deeply stranger man, and it was the only person in the world who could help Congo to face his disease.
The other question that everybody does is, why don't you just get married?
Why didn't I go? I could have gone anywhere.
For me, this is the saddest and painful question that people do, because we, the victims, we know something that normally you ignore -- it's incredibly dangerous to abandon a material.
Because the last phase in the pattern of domestic violence is killing it.
More than 70 percent of the killers in the cases of domestic violence occur after the victim has put the relationship end to the relationship, after they made, because then the abuse has nothing to lose.
Other implications include the permanent accept, even after the audience has come to marry married, financial resources, and manipulation of the family judicial system to land the victim and their children, who usually are forced by judges to spend time not supported with the man who paid their mother.
And we still continue to ask, why don't you just go there?
I was able to get me, because of a last session that came up with my denial.
I realized that the man who loved so much, I would have killed if he had allowed me.
So I broke the silence.
I told everybody the world -- the police, my neighbors and my friends and family, to complete unknown, and I'm here today because all of you helped me.
We have the tendency to establish victims as special headlines, self-destructive women, dialected women.
The question, "Why is it left?
For some people, it's a way to say, "The fault is your for standing -- as if the victims, we would occasionally choose to fall in love with men who want to destroy us.
But since I published "Love love." I've heard hundreds of stories of men and women who were also scared, who learned an unsustainable lesson of what happened to them and they refined their lives of joyful and happy lives like the employees and husbands and mothers, completely free violence, like mine.
Because it turns out I'm actually a victim and a very typical special violence.
I became married with a tent and a nice man, and we have those three children.
I have that black book and also that minister.
Which I'm not going to have ever more, again, is a strand charged pointing my head in someone who says it wants me.
At this point, they are just thinking, "Hey, that's fascinating." or "Hall, what kind of dumb was, but all this time I have actually been talking about you.
I assure you there are a few people, which are listening to me right now, who are being misunderstood or that they were small or they're abused themselves.
The material could be affecting his daughter, his sister, his best friend right now.
I was able to put my crazy particular love to the silence.
And I keep doing this today.
It's my way to help other victims, and it's my last request to you.
Talk about what you've heard here.
The abuse is just in silence.
They have the power to end domestic violence simply throwing light on it.
The victims we need everybody.
We need each of you to understand the secrets of domestic violence.
They take the balance to light talking about it with their children, their coworkers and their friends and family.
They reflect their vision of survivors as fantastic and lovely people who have a full future.
They recognize the early signs of violence to intervene consciously, to slow up their scale and show the victims a safe output.
Together, we can convert our bed, our tables and our families in the safe and peaceful oasis that should be.
Thank you.
Hello. I call me Cameron Russia, and for a while, I'm a model.
To be precise, for 10 years.
And I feel that right now there's an uncomfortable tension in the room because I should not have dressed that way.  luckily, I've brought clothes to change.
This is the first piece of clothing on a TED stage, so you have a lot of good enough to get it, I think.
If some of the women were horrified when he came out, they don't have to tell them now, but I'll find it later on Twitter.
I also want to point out that I have the privilege to change what they think about me in just 10 seconds.
Not everybody has that opportunity.
These talents are very uncomfortable. less bad than I don't have to use them.
The worst part is to spend this sweater for your head, because it's when you're going to laugh from me, so you don't do anything as I cover your head.
All right.
Why have I done this?
It's been embarrassing.
Well, I hope not as much as this picture.
The appearance is powerful, but also surface.
I've completely changed what they thought about me in six seconds.
And in this picture, I had never had a child in real life.
I was totally uncomfortable and the photographer told me that I would write the back, and it would take the hair of the child.
Of course, except with surgery or an artificial ship like the one that made me two days ago for work, there is very little that we can do to transform our looks, which, although superficial and incredible, has a huge impact in our lives.
So today, to me, being brave means to be honest.
I'm on this stage because I'm a model.
Because I'm a nice, white woman, and in my workforce, that's being a sexy girl.
I'm going to answer the questions that people are always doing but significantly standing.
The first question is, how does it become model?
And I always say, a catastrophe found me, but that doesn't mean anything.
The real reason I became model is because it won the genetic lottery. And I'm the benefit of a heritage -- and maybe you're wondering what this heritage is.
Well, in the last few centuries we have not only defined beauty as health, youth and symmetry and symmetry -- which we're biologically programmed to admire -- we also associate it to a high and small shape, to the feminist and a white skin.
And that's my heritage that I've known to take advantage of to make money.
And I know there are people in the audience who now show scale, and maybe there are some lovers of the fashion that say, "Wait -- there are Namibia, Toro John Smarts, Louis West.
First of all, happy to know so much of models. It's amazing.
But unfortunately, I have to report that in 2007, a Ph.D. student at the University of New York University told each and every single model on the runway, and from the 77 models hired only 27 -- that is, less than four percent, were not white.
The next question that people always do is: Could it be model when it's better?
And my first answer is: I don't know, I don't know that.
But then, what I really would say to each one of these girls is: Why? You can be what you want.
You can be president from the United States, or the inventor of the next Internet, or a nine-year-old surgeon, which would be amazing, because you would be the first one.
If after this spectacular list, they still insist -- no, no, Cameron -- I want to be a model, then I tell you, I know my boss.
Because I am not in charge of anything, and you could be the report chief of the magazine of the magazine and the CEO of HIV, or the next Steven Mein.
To say that most of you want to be model is like saying you want to win the lottery when you're larger.
It's out of your control, it's amazing, and it's not a job you can choose.
I'm going to show you everything I learned in 10 years as a model, because unlike cardiovascular surgery, it can be summarized right now.
I don't know what happened there.
Unfortunately, once you've got your studies, and you have a curriculum and a few jobs to your back, no matter what you say, if you said you want to be president from the United States, but your culture said, "Motor of underwear for 10 years, people would look weird.
The next question that people always do is if all the photos are recorded.
And yes, they are basically reaching all the pictures, but that's just a little part of what happens.
This was the first picture that they took me, and also the first time I used a Billie, and I didn't even have my period.
I know we're entering the personal ground, but it was a girl.
So I went up with my grandmother a few months earlier.
These two pictures are the same day.
My friend came with me.
Here I am in a pair party a few days before the photos for the French Voice.
Here I am with my football team and in the journal V.
And this is me today.
And I hope you realize that I'm not me in those pictures.
They are creating a group of professionals, sticks, markers, photographers and stations, and all of their aid and people and production, and they get to create this. That's not me.
Well, the next question that people always do is: Do you get free things?
I have too much of 20 inches and I never use, except the previous pair of it, but the privilege I get is the ones I get in real life, and that we don't like to talk about.
I grew up in Cambridge, and I once went to a store and I forgot to bring money, and they gave me the free grass.
When I was a teenager, I was traveling with my friend that was a community punishment, and it took a red down in red, and of course, we were standing, and I was basically sorry, agent in order to keep going.
I enjoy these privilege by my way, not for what I am. And there are people who are paying a price for their aspect without mind who they are.
I live in New York, and last year, of the 14,000 teenagers who were paid and recorded -- 86 percent were black and Latino -- and most of them were young men.
And there are only 1775, black and Latino young people in New York, so for them, it's not a question of me?
How many times do I get up? And how?
By researching for this talk, I found out that 53 percent of the 13 percent girls in the United States don't like their body, and that figure goes to 75 percent at 17.
So the last question that people do is: How is life of a model?
And I think the answer you expect is: If you're a little bit more thin and you have the brightest hair, you'll feel very happy and great.
And behind the cameras, we give an answer that maybe it looks like.
We say, it's really wonderful to travel, and also incredible power to work with creative people, ingenuity.
And that's all true, but it's just a part of what happens, because what we never say in front of the cameras, what I never said in front of them, is: I'm insecure.
And I'm because I have to worry about my aspect every day.
And if you ever wondered, with some more thin legs and the brightest hair will be happier.
They only have to meet with a group of models, because they have the most thin legs, the brightest and the clothes more to the fashion but probably are the most insecure women on the planet.
But especially it was hard to analyze a situation of race and gender when I am one of the biggest benefits.
If there's something to retain from this talk, I hope you all feel more comfortable when you recognize the power of the image in the perception that we have from success and failure.
Thank you.
The photograph has been my passion since it was the biggest enough to get a camera, but today I want to share with you my 15 more precise photos and I wasn't me who pulled them.
There were no artistic directors, no statistics, no opportunity to repeat the photos -- not even a minimum care in lighting.
In fact, most of them took them out at random.
My story begins when, finding me in New York City to give a population, my wife pulled me this picture holding my daughter on the day of his first birthday. That's the corner of 57 and five birthday.
He gave the ability that we went back to New York City a year later, so we decided to take the same picture.
Well, you can imagine what comes now.
When I was approaching the third birthday of my daughter, my wife told me, why don't you take you to Santa to New York at a depressing trip and continue the ritual?
This is when we started asking the tourists.
It's amazing that the gesture of delivering the camera to a complete unknown is so universal.
No one has ever been denied and, fortunately, no one has done with the camera.
So we were not aware of how much of us would change this journey.
It became something sacred for us.
This picture is a few weeks after 9/11, and I had to explain to my daughter what had happened that day so that a five-year-old girl could understand it.
These pictures are much more than a concrete moment or a specific journey.
They're also a way to stop time in a week of October and make us reflect about our time and our evolution over the years, and not only physical level, but in all ways.
Because, although we always take the same picture, our perspective changes, my daughter gets up to new stories, and I can see life through their eyes and how they perceive and interact with everything.
That particular time we spend together is something that we hope with illusion all year.
Recently, on one of the trips -- we were walking away, when suddenly it stopped in dry and pointed a red note from the wrist store that I was going to be small in the previous sight.
And he described to me what had felt at five years of foot in that same place.
I began to remember his heart to be forced by seeing that place for the first time nine years ago.
And now what you look at in New York are universities, because it's decided to study in New York.
And suddenly I understood that one of the most important things we create is memories.
So I want to share the idea of actively engaging in creating conscious memories.
I don't know about you, but apart from these 15 pictures, I don't go out in many of the family pictures.
I'm always the one that comes out of the photo.
So today I want to encourage you all to come up in the picture, and you don't doubt to go close to somebody and ask them, "Do you take a picture of you?
Thank you.
I want to talk to you about a very special group of animals.
There are 10,000 species in the world.
The barriers are in the most threatened bird group.
First of all, why are they so bad press?
It also has been associated with Disney laughter as mental characters, silly characters, stupid characters.
More recently, if you've been following the Kenyan press, riders and algorithms are the attributes you associate with the Kenyan Parliament. But I don't accept it.
Don't accept it. Do you know why?
Because Parliament members don't keep the environment clean --  Parks are not helping to prevent the spread of disease.
It's hardly mountains.  You're far away to get extinct.  And my favorite, the barriers have better present.   There are two types of barriers on this planet.
There are the new World neuroscientists who are primarily found in America, like the skills and the farmers, and the further World Wars, where we have 16 species -- from these 16, 11 faced a high risk of extinction.
So, why are the barriers important? First of all, provide vital ecological services, Zapie.
It's our natural garbage records.
They clean the cars to the bone.
They help kill all the bacteria. They help absorb the stranger that it would not be for them to expand and cause large loss of livestock and diseases in other animals.
Recent studies have shown that in areas where there are no barriers, the carcasses take three to four times more time in demonstrating, and this has huge branching in the spread of disease.
The barriers also have huge historical importance.
They've been associated with the ancient Egyptian culture.
Nepal was the symbol of the protein and the maternity and, along with the copper simulated, they synchronize the unit between the altitude and the Egypt.
In the Indian mythology, Saint was the god fundamentally, and he risked his life to save the God Day of the Device 10 Radio.
In the Tibetan culture, they do very important enterprises in open sky. In places like Tibet. There is no place to bury the dead, or wood to create them, so these barriers provide a natural disposal system.
What is the problem with the barriers?
We have eight species of bars in Kenya, which six are in extreme extinction threat.
The reason is that they're being sent, and the reason they are being poisoned is because there are conflicts between humans and failure. Parallel communities use this venom against predators, and as a consequence, the barriers are victims of this.
In southern Asia, in countries like India and Pakistan, four species of barriers are on the critical list of extinction danger of extinction, which means that in less than 10 or 15 years will be extinct, and the reason is because they fall prey from the livestock consumption that has been treated with an analog drug like Disconnection.
This drug has been banned for veterinary use in India and have taken a post.
Since there is no barriers, there's been a spread in the number of street dogs in carbon servers, and when you have street dogs -- you have a huge time bomb for rage -- the number of cases of rage has greatly increased in India.
Kenya is going to have one of the biggest wind parks in Africa, 365 arrests are going to be up the Turkish lake.
I'm not against wind energy, but we have to work with governments, because wind turbines do this to birds. They cut them in half.
They're birds.
In West Africa, there's a horrible commercial trade trade to serve the barrier and the football market.
So what is it doing? Well, we're researching these birds. We are putting transparency.
We're trying to determine their basic ecology, and see where they go.
We can see that they travel for different countries, so focus on a problem is not going to serve anything.
We have to work with governments on regional levels.
We're working with local communities.
We're talking to them about learning the barriers, about the need to appreciate these wonderful creatures and the services they provide.
How can you help, you can become active -- making noise -- you can write a letter to your government and tell them we have to focus on these very increasing creatures -- donate your time to spread the word. Giving the word.
When they go out of this room, they will inform them on the barriers, but they talk to their families, with their children, with their neighbors on the barriers.
They are very elegant. Charles Darwin said he changed from opinion because he saw them flying without effort, no energy spending in the sky.
Kenya, this world, will be much more poor without these wonderful species.
Thank you very much.
Every thing I do and everything I do professionally -- my life has been killed by seven years of work during my youth in Africa.
From 1978 to 1977, Light young -- but I'm no longer --  I worked in Zambia. Kenya, East Coast, Argentina and Somalia, in projects of technical cooperation with African countries.
I worked for an Italian NGO and every project we set up in Africa failed.
And I was displayed.
I thought, at 21, that Italians were good people, and we were doing a good job in Africa.
In place of that, everything we do is we accompany it.
Our first project, which inspired my first book, "Workers of Zaminezhia, was a project where the Italians decided to teach people from Zambia to grow food.
So we came up with Italian seeds south of Zambia to this absolutely magnificent valley that descends to Zaminism River, and we teach the local tomatoes to grow Italian tomatoes and hotsoring to it.
Of course, people were not at all interested in doing that, so we paid them to come to work, and sometimes they didn't help.  We were astonished that the local locations, in so fertile valley, had no agriculture.
However, instead of asking them how it was possible that they didn't grow anything, we just said, "Thank God we're here."  Just in time to save people in Zambian Zambian for the family.
And of course, everything in Africa is really great.
And we got these magnificent tomatoes -- in Italy, a tomato would grow this size. In Zambia, this size.
And we couldn't believe it, we were saying to the chambers, "Look at how easy agriculture is.
When the tomatoes were beautiful, mature and red, at night to the morning, about 200 hypotheses appeared from the river and they ate everything.  And we said to the chambers, "Oh my God, we hyperted them."
And the branches said, "Yes, that's why we don't have agriculture here."  "Why didn't they say that? You never ask me."
I thought we just had the Italians made mistakes in Africa, but then I saw what Americans did -- what the English did, what the French did, and after seeing what they were doing, I felt pretty proud of our project in Zambia.
Because, as you see, at least we feed the hypothesis.
You have to see the waste.  You should see the waste that we gave them to the trusted people in Africa.
You want to read a book, read "The Dead Dead, of Damascrent Mosco, rate economist.
The book was published in 2009.
We, Western countries, we've delivered the African continent two million dollars in the last 50 years.
I'm not going to tell you about the damage that that money has caused it.
Just read your book.
Watch it from an African woman, the damage we've done.
The Westerners are individuals, collective missions, and we treat people only two things: or we paint them, or we are patients.
The two words come from the Latin race "past the "at the Paralle make means."
However, they mean two different things.
Patients, I treat any of a different culture like my children, "I want a lot."
Paranima, I treat all of the different culture as if they were my servers.
So the white people in Africa are called "Bayer, baby.
That book gave me a slap in the face -- "The Little is beautiful, written by Schumbert, who said about all economic development, if people don't want to be help, strands alone.
This should be the first principle of aid.
The first principle of aid is to breathe.
This morning, the gentleman who opened this conference put a cane on the ground and said, can you imagine a city that's not necessary?
I decided at age 27 to only respond to people, and I invented a system called Farmer Facility where you never start anything, you never motivate anyone, but it becomes a service of local passion, the series of the local participants who have the dream of becoming a better person.
So what does you do? It's street.
It has never come to a community with an idea, and it feels with the people of the local.
We don't work from offices.
We got together in a cafe. We met in a bar.
We have zero infrastructure.
And what do we do? We become friends, and we figure out what the person wants to do.
The most important thing is passion.
You can give it an idea to someone.
If that person doesn't want to do that, what's going to do you?
The passion that she has for his own growth is the most important thing.
The passion that the man has for his own personal growth is the most important thing.
And then we help them find knowledge because nobody in the world can be successful alone.
The person with the idea may not have the knowledge, but knowledge is available.
So years and years ago, I had this idea: Why not we, for once instead of getting to a community to tell people what to do, why not, for once, we hear them, but not in community meetings.
I'll tell you a secret.
There's a problem with community meetings.
The entrepreneurs are never standing in, and they will never tell you, in a public meeting, what they want to do with their own money, what opportunities have identified.
So, planning has this blind point.
The smartest people in their community, you don't even know them, because they don't attend their public meetings.
What do we do? We work one to one, and we work face-to-face -- you have to create a social infrastructure, which doesn't exist.
You have to create a new profession.
The profession is the family doctor of the company, the family doctor in the business, which is established with you in your house, in the table of your kitchen, in the coffee, and that helps you find the resources to transform your passion in a way of winning life.
I started this as a test in hope.
I was doing a Ph.D. in that time, trying to get away from this confident junk where we get to tell them what to do.
In a year, I had 27 projects on it, and the government came to me to see to ask, "How can you do that?
How can you do it? And I said, "I did something very, very, very hard.
I stay and listened to them,  So the government says, "Google again."  We have done it in 300 communities in the world.
We've helped to start 40,000 businesses.
There is a new generation of entrepreneurs that are dying of solid.
Peter Drug, one of the greatest business advice in history, passed at '96, a few years ago.
Peter Drug was a philosophy teacher before they get involved in business, and this is what Peter December says, "The planning is actually incompatible with a society and an innovative company economic entrepreneur.
planning is the kiss of the death of business spirit.
So now you're building Christian without knowing what people most in schizophrenia want to do with their own money and their own energy.
You have to learn how to get these people close to conversation with you.
You have to offer them conflict, privacy has to be fantastic about helping them, and then they will be about mass.
In a community of 10,000 people, we got 200 customers.
Can you imagine a community of 400,000 people, intelligence and passion.
Which presentation have you spent more this morning.
passionate local people. That's what you have applaud.
So what I tell you is that the entrepreneurial spirit is where it is.
We are at the end of the first industrial industrial revolution -- not renewable fossil -- manufacturing -- and from one point to another, we have systems that are not sustainable.
The internal combustion engine is not sustainable.
The train as a way of holding machinery is not sustainable.
What we need to consider is how we number, we cure, we education, we communicate seven billion people, in a sustainable way.
There are no technologies to do it.
Who is going to invent technology for the green revolution, universities? Forget it.
Government? Forget it.
You will be the entrepreneurs and they're doing it now.
There's a nice story that is in a future magazine a lot of years ago.
There was a group of experts that were invited to debate the future of New York City in the 1960s.
And in the year 1862, this group of people came together, and they were specifically restored to what would happen to New York City in 100 years, and the conclusion was underground, the city in New York wouldn't exist within 100 years.
Why? Because they analyzed the curve and they pointed out, if the population is kept growing up to this rate, to bring it to the population of New York at around them, would require six million horses, and the manure produced for six million horses would be impossible to deal with.
They were already getting started in standard.  And so in 1860, they were displaying this dirty technology that was going to make the life of New York City.
So what happens? In the next 40 years, in 1900, in the United States in the United States came up 100 automobile manufacturing companies, 100.
The idea of finding a different technology was absolutely absorbed and there were very few scars, scales, factories in places that were available.
Death, Michael. Henry Ford Ford.
However, there's a secret to work with entrepreneurs.
First, you have to offer them trustworthiness.
In other ways, they will not come back to you.
Then, you have to offer them a single, dedicated service, enough service.
And possibly, you will have to tell you the truth of the truth of it.
The smallest company, the biggest company, has to be able to do three things: the product that you want to sell has to be fantastic -- you have to tell a fantastic marketing and you have to count a fantastic financial administration.
You know what?
We have never met a human being in the world that can make, sell and look for money alone.
No exist.
This is still not born.
We've investigated and looked at the 100 iconic companies of the Carnegie world, Western Congoses, Edinary, Ford, all new companies, Google, Saha.
There is only one thing that all successful companies in the world have in common, only one -- none of it was initiated by one person.
Never the word "Me, but the word "under us, 32 times.
He wasn't just when he started.
Nobody starts a company alone. No one.
So we can create the community where we have factors, who come from a small business environment sitting in coffee -- in bars next to their dedicated camps who will do for you, what someone did for this gentleman who talks about this popular, somebody who would ask you, what does it need?
What can you do? Can you do it?
Well, can you sell it? Can you search for money?
"Oh, no, I can't do that." "Would I want you to look for somebody for anybody?
We activate communities.
Thank you.
They surround us can help us in many ways to improve our lives.
We don't know all the neighbors, so we don't exchange a lot of knowledge despite sharing the same public spaces.
In the last few years, I've tried to share more with my neighbors in public space, with simple tools like automates, plants and chalk.
These projects came from questions like, how much pay my neighbors for their apartments?
How can we preserve and borrow more things without calling the door in a bad time?
How do you share more memories of our abandoned buildings and understand our landscape?
How do we share our hopes to the empty stores so that our communities can reflect our needs and sleep today?
I live in New Orleans and I'm love from New Orleans.
My soul always finds relief with the giant roles that give shadow to lovers and streets and soldiers for centuries and trust in a city.
And there is a mess in New Orleans.  The city has one of the most beautiful architects in the world, but also one with the largest number of abandoned properties of America.
I live near this house, and I thought how I could turn it into a more nice space for the neighborhood, and also in something that changed my life forever.
In 2009, I lost someone who loved a lot.
It was John, as a mother for me.
His death was sudden and unexpected.
I thought a lot about death.
And this made me a profound gratitude for the living time.
It gave me clear things about my current life.
But I have to make this look at my everyday life.
I think it's easy to let me catch a day and forget the really important thing for one.
So with the help of old and new friends, I transformed the wall from this house abandoned in a giant pill and painted on it phrases to complete -- before I die I want.
So the Taliban could take a chalk. reflect about their lives and share personal aspirations in public space.
I didn't know what to wait from this experiment, but the next day the wall was filled and kept covering up.
And I'd like to share some things that people wrote on the wall.
Before I die I want to be judged by pirate piece --  Before I die I want to sit in the harmony of the date line."
Before I die I want to sing for millions of people."
Before I die I want to plant a tree.
Before I die I want to live outside the network."
Before I die I want to hug it once again."
Before I die I want to go to somebody's rescue.
Before I die I want to be completely myself."
This abandoned space became constructive and dreams and hope of people made me laugh in cartoons, detailed, and they gave me conflict in hard times.
It's about knowing that you're not alone. It's about understanding our neighbors in new and scales -- it's about giving the reflection to the reflection and contemporary, and to remember what is most important for us as we grow and we change.
This happened last year, and I started getting hundreds of messages from passionate people who wanted to make a wall in their community.
So with my colleagues in the civic center, we made a kit, and now they have been done in countries around the world, like Katheras, South Africa, Australia, Argentina and beyond.
Together we demonstrated the power of our public spaces if they give us the opportunity to express and share each other.
Two of the most valuable things we have is time and our relationships with other people.
In our age of distribution in increasing distribution, it's more important than ever, finding ways to preserve the perspective and remember that life is brief.
death is something that we often avoid talking about, or even think, but I understood that preparing for death is one of those things that trust us more power.
To think of the death of our life.
Our shared spaces can better reflect what matters to us as individuals and as a community and more media to share hope, fears and stories, people around us not only help improve places, can help improve our lives.
Thank you.
Thank you.
I have a single request today.
Please don't tell me that I'm normal.
Now I'd like to introduce you to my brothers now.
Remember is 22 years old, it's high and very governed.
It doesn't speak to you, but it makes better joy than some of the best speakers.
He knows what love is.
You share it conditioning what happens.
It's not advanced. It doesn't look at the color of the skin.
You don't care about religious differences and look at this: Never lie.
When I sing songs from our childhood, trying to make words that I couldn't even remind myself, I remember one thing: the little thing we know about the mind and how wonderful it should be the unknown thing.
Samuel is 16 years old. It's very sweet.
It takes the most impossible memory.
However, it's a selective memory.
It doesn't remember if I stole my chocolate, but I remember the year that I came out of one of the songs of my iPod, conversations that we kept when I was four years old, making my arm in my arm during the first episode of Telescopes and Laboust Gaga.
Doesn't it seem amazing?
But most people don't agree.
And in fact, because their minds don't adjust to the concept of society of society, they're often ignored and uncomfortable.
But what drove my heart and strength my soul was that even if that was the case, even though they wouldn't consider them within the ordinary thing, that could only mean one thing: that they were extraordinary.
Now, for those less familiar with the term autism, it's a complex brain disorder affecting social communication, learning and sometimes physical skills.
In each individual it's disease in a different way, from there that Remember is so different to Sam.
And all over the world, every 20 minutes, you diagnose a new case of autism, and even though it's one of the disorders of development that faster in the world, there is no cause or known cure.
I don't remember my first encounter with autism, but I don't remember one day without him.
I was only three years old when my brother came to the world, and I was very excited to have a new self in my life.
When a few months, I realized that he was different.
I was a lot.
I didn't want to play like the other babies, and in fact, it didn't seem very interested in me at all.
I was alive and reminded in his own world, with his own rules, and he found pleasure in the smallest things, like putting cars on the line around the room, looking at the washing machine, and eating anything that would be in between.
As I grew up, it became more different, and the differences were made more evident.
But beyond the benefits, the frustration and the endless hypothesis, there was something really unique -- a pure and innocent nature, a child who saw the world without prepared, a human being that had never lied.
Extraordinary.
I can't deny that there have been some difficult moments in my family, moments where I wish they were just like me.
But I look back to the things that have taught me about individual, communication and love, and I realize that they're things that wouldn't want to change for normal.
The normal happens by the beauty that give us the differences and the fact of being different doesn't mean that some is wrong.
It just means there's a different view of what's right.
If I could convey one thing to Reight and Sam and you would have to be normal.
They can be extraordinary.
Because, autistic or not, the differences that we have. They are one day." Every one of us has a gift in their interior, and honestly, the pursuit of normality.
The opportunity for gravity, progress and change die at the time where we try to be like others.
Please don't tell me that I'm normal.
Thank you.
Five years ago, I experienced a little bit what should have been Allen in the Martin country.
Penn State asked me, a communications teacher who gave a kind of communication to engineering students.
I was scared.  Aughter of truth -- scared of these students with his big minds, their big books and their big words and well-being words.
But by developing those conversations -- I felt what Alice had to have felt when he fell through the computer hole and saw the door of a new world.
I just felt when I had those conversations with students, and I was surprised the ideas they had, and I wanted others to experience this wonderful world.
And I think the key to opening that door is a great communication.
We need a huge communication of our scientists and engineers in order to change the world.
Our scientists and engineers are the ones that are attacking our biggest challenges, from energy to environment and health care, among others, and if we don't know about this, the work is not done, and I think it's our responsibility as not scientists to have these interactions.
But these big conversations can't happen if our scientists and engineers don't invite us to see their wonderful world.
So scientists and engineers, please honest with simple.
I want to share some suggestions about how you can do it to make sure that your science is sexy and your engineering is attractive.
First question to answer ourselves, and then what?
Tell us why science is relevant to us.
We don't just tell us that they study the workers, but they study the workers, which are the mesh structure of our bones because it's important to understand and treat operations.
And when you're describing your science, careful with the jargon.
General is an obstacle for our understanding of their ideas.
Security, you can say space and temperature." But why don't you say "Space and time time, which is much more accessible to us?
By making them accessible is not the same thing as a dumb thing.
Instead, as Einstein, that everything is as simple as possible, but not simple.
You can communicate clearly your science without compromise your ideas.
Something to consider is to use examples, stories and analogies -- they're ways of giving up and excited with their content.
And by presenting their work, forget the signals of ballet."
You've been wondering why they're called balls?"  What do the balls? The bullets kill and kill their presentation.
A film like this is not only boring, but it supports too much in the area of the language of our brain.
Instead, this film of examples of Gene Brown is much more effective. It shows that the special structure of the jobs is so strong that it really inspired the unique design of the Eiffel Tower Terra.
The trick here is to use a simple sentence -- lesson, that the audience can understand if you lose a little bit, and then you will provide graphs that affect our other senses and create a deeper sense of understanding what it is described.
I think these are just some key to some key that you can help others, we open the door and look at the country of wonders which is science and engineering.
And so, scientists and engineers, when they have solved this equation, for all media, tell me with simple.  Thank you.
One of my favorite words from all over the English of Oxford English is "conformation."
Just because it sounds very good.
And "Google means "Design political.
Though there was a heavy editor of the 19th century that the definition much better when he said, "A slight supply is that you look for a public charge without matter, platform or principle, and that when you win, you get it for the mere use of a revolutionary irregent monotonous.
I have no idea what research means.
Something to do with words, I guess.
It's very important that words are based on politics, and that all politicians know that they have to try to dominate language.
It wasn't until for example, for example, 1775 that the British Parliament allowed newspapers to quote the exact words that were said in the parliament chamber.
And all of this was because of the value of a guy with the name of Brazils Creek, who was faced with Park.
He got into the London Tower and they were embarrassing him, but he had enough worth of facing them, and at the end he had such popular support in London who won it.
And just a few years later, we had the first use record of the phrase that blankets like this but battle like metal."
Most of you think it's literature.
It's not. It's by a advocate of freedom of expression.
But to really show you how words and politics interact, I want you to go back to the U.S., right after independence.
So they had to address the question of how to call George Washington, his leader.
They didn't know.
How do you call the leader of a Republican country?
This was built in Congress for a long time.
All kinds of suggestions were presented to be frustrated.
Some of them wanted to call it "Jefferson from state Washington, and others, "Your Glass George Washington, and other Department from the U.S. Pentagon People's Pentagon."
Not too much.
Some just wanted to call it "Record."
They thought it was quality.
And not even with it were monoliths, they had the idea that you could be elected King for a certain term.
And I could have served it.
Everybody got tired of the world, because this debate was released for three weeks.
I read a poor sentence, and he always wrote, "All with this theme."
What caused the portrait and the fact that the House of Representatives was against the Senate.
The Repress Chamber didn't want Washington to embrace power.
They didn't want to call it King by whether he was giving him or his supernova ideas.
So, they wanted to give the most modest title and more increasing and most flood that was going on.
And that title was President.
President. They didn't invent the title -- there was before before, but it only meant somebody who wants a meeting."
It was like the president of a jury, it was like the president of a jury, like the president.
And I didn't have much more great than the term "password or "Surgeon"].
There were events of little colonial and government filters, but it was really an insect title.
And so the Senate was operated.
They said, "It's ridiculous, we can't call it President."
"This guy has to sign treated and meet for foreign digital."
"And who would be serious with a title as ridiculous and insignificant as President of America?
And finally, after three weeks of debate, the Senate didn't go.
We can learn three interesting things about all this.
First of all, and this is my favorite to where I've been able to find out, the Senate has never reflected the title of president.
President Barack Obama is lucky to follow there, waiting for the Senate to be in action.
The second thing we can learn is that when a government says that a measure is temporary --  -- you can keep waiting for 222 more years.
But the third thing we can learn, and this is the most important thing, and this is what I want to leave with, is that the U.S. President title doesn't sound at all so modest today, right?
Especially if you have more than 5,000 nuclear heads -- the largest economy of the world and a fleet of arranged aerial vehicles and so on.
The reality and history have hit the title of great.
So at the end I won the Senate.
They got their responsibility title.
And also the other concern of the Senate, the appearance of synthetic, well, it was a uniqueness at the time.
But you know how many nations are now pressure?
And all because they want to sound like the guy who has 5,000 nuclear heads, etc.
So at the end of the Senate won and the House of Representatives lost, because nobody is going to feel humble when they tell them that they are now the U.S. President now.
And I think that's the big lesson that we can learn, and I would like to leave you.
politicians are trying to choose and use words to shape and control reality, but really, the reality of the world is a lot more the words than they could change reality.
Thank you very much.
I'm 45 to feet under land in an illegal mine in Ghana.
The air is loaded with heat and dust, and it's hard to breathe.
I feel the surface of sweat bodies in the dark, but I can't see much more.
I hear voices that talk about, but mostly that cooking of male toys and stones with primitive tools.
As the others, I take a cheap line of singing light on the head with this blood elite and I can barely distinguish the branches that hold the walls of that hole of a meter that takes hundreds of meters on the ground.
It takes my hand, and I suddenly remember a minority that I met days earlier, who lost the control and fell increased feet in that period.
As I talk to you today, these men are on the depths of that hole risking their lives without paying any reward and often dying.
I went out of that hole and I went home, but they may never do it, because they're a prisoner of slavery.
In the last 28 years, I was documenting native cultures in over 70 continents, and in 2009, I had the great honor of being the only exhibition in the Vancouver Peace Cube.
Among all the amazing people I met there I met a "Free The Survey of Steve the Sushimi, an NGO who is dedicated to eradicate modern slavery.
We started talking about slavery and, really, I started learning about slavery because I knew that there was in the world but not to such a degree.
When we ended up talking to me, I felt very bad. I was honest to ignore this atrocities of our days and I thought, if I don't know, how many people don't know?
I was made by the stomach and weeks later, I flew to Los Angeles to meet the "Steven Street director and offer my help.
So I started my journey to modern slavery.
Interestingly, I've been in many of these places.
Some of them even considered them my second home.
But this time, I would sell the dirty traces.
A conservative calculation says that there are currently over 27 million people in the world.
It's twice the amount of Africans displaced throughout the whole deal of traditional slavery.
150 years ago, the cost of an agricultural slave was about three times the annual salary of a U.S. worker worker.
The equivalent of about 50,000 today.
Yet today you can enslave entire families by generations by the original debt of 18 dollars.
Amazingly, slavery generates profits from over 13 billion dollars a year around the world.
Many have been fooled with false education promises and better work to then discover that they're forced to work without pay, under threat of violence and they can't escape.
Today slavery operates in the trade, the goods produced by slaves have value, but those people are desperately.
Slighting exists in almost everybody and yet, it's illegal around the world.
In India and Nepal, I met brick furnaces in India.
This strange and formal show was like entering the ancient Egypt or the Dennettine of Daniel.
Imagine in a 54-year-old temperature temperature, men, women, children in fact, entire families wrapped up in a heavy path of dust -- mechanically little bricks in their heads, and then they take them out of the horrible furnaces to trucks that are hundreds of meters.
The monster of the monkey and the candidate work on silence, doing this task over and over again for 16 or 17 hours a day.
There were no passengers to eat, not to drink, and the severe desert would make it a pretty intrinsic thing.
So panel was the heat and the dust that my camera became too hot, and I stopped working.
Every 20 minutes I had to run the car to clean the team and make it work with air conditioning to revive it, and sitting there, I thought, my camera gets a much better treatment than these people.
Back in the furnaces I wanted to cry, but the architecture that was on my side quickly grabbed me and said, "Li, don't do it. Don't do this."
And I was very clearly explained to demonstrate emotions is very dangerous in places like this, not just for me, but for them.
I couldn't offer any direct help.
I couldn't give them money, nothing.
I wasn't a citizen of that country.
I could put them in a worse situation that they were already gone.
I had to trust "The Sushimia and work within the system for his release, and I trusted that they will get it.
In terms of me, I hope to get home to feel my shattered heart.
In the Himalayas, I found kids running rocks for miles for mountain strands to trucks that were waiting down.
Those big papers were more heavy than the kids who charge them and children put them into their heads with corners made of steps, ropes and stores.
It's hard to get something so overwhelmed.
How can we influence something so insulting, but so unusual?
Some of them don't even know that they are slaves -- and they work 16 or 17 hours a day without pay, because this has been all his life.
They have nothing to compare to.
When these villagers remember their freedom, the climbers burn their homes.
When I heard the slavery word we often think about sexual traffic and because of this global consciousness I was happy to be difficult to work with security in this particular business.
In Katrina I was accompanied women who had been previously slave sexually.
I was driven by a few suggested stairs that gave this dirty basement, small fluorescent light.
It wasn't exactly a brother.
It was rather a restaurant.
Really, as you know in the office, are local for forced prostitution.
They have small rooms, private rooms, where the slaves with their girls and children, some of just seven years -- they're forced to train customers and encourage them to buy more food and alcohol.
Every dot is dark and dirty -- identified by a number painted on the wall and divided by a biomass and a curtain.
Workers often suffer sexual abuse by hands of their clients.
From standing in the pink, I remember making sense of a fresh audience and in that instant, I barely could imagine what it must be going stuck in that hell.
I only had a room -- the stairs.
There were no legs.
There were no big enough windows like to go.
Those people don't have a statistics, and because we play a very difficult subject, it's important to point out that slavery even the sexual traffic is happening around us.
There are hundreds of people slavery in agriculture, in restaurants.
Recently, the New York Times reported that between 100,000 and 300,000 Americans are sold every year as sexual slaves.
It happens by the way, but we don't see it.
Textures are another activity that we often relate to the labor of super-sized.
I visited Indian villages where there were whole families carved in the silk trade.
This is a family portrait of family.
The heavens of black are the father, the teeth of blue and red, of their children.
They mix into these big barrels and they dip the silk in the liquid to the elbow, but the ink is toxic.
My introduction told me their stories.
"We don't have freedom, they said.
"We still hope, though, can come out of this house someday and go to another place where we really pay us our job."
It's estimated that there are more than 4,000 children in the Lake Laure, the largest artificial lake in the world.
When we arrived, I went to take a quick look.
I saw what seemed to be a fish family in a boat, two older brothers, some younger kids, makes sense right?
Wrong. They were all slaves.
Children are separated from their transparent families and disappeared and forced to work strange shoulders in these boats in the lake, despite not to know swimming.
This boy is eight years old.
When our boat came up was shaking up, it feared that his little canoe was embarrassed.
He was paralyzed by the fear of falling into water.
The branches of the brand trees in the Lake are often catching networks and children, pathetically stated and fear, were thrown into the water to unleash the branches.
A lot of them are gone.
Since remember, it's always been forced to work on the lake.
By fear of your love is not going to flee and, like all life has been treated with crude, it really deals with the younger slaves under its salary.
I met these guys at five in the morning, when they put up the last networks, but they had been working from the one.
It was at night cold and self-designed.
And it turns out that these networks weigh more than 400 pounds when they're full of fish.
I want to introduce you.
Kofi was rescued in a fishing village.
I met it in a shelter where "The Survey is released to victims of slavery.
Kofi symbolizes the possible.
Who will be because someone decided to make the difference in their life?
So driving by a road in Ghana with "Star The Surgery partners, a computer company with his mouth suddenly accelerate and overwhelmed our car and played the window.
He asked us to follow it for a path of land to the jungle.
At the end of the road, he inspired us to come out of the car, and asked the driver to go quickly.
Then he pointed up this kind of visual sense and said, "This is the track, this is the road. Let's go."
As we started to go down, we removed the entire forests that block the road, and after walking around an hour we found that the path was angry by the recent rain, so I put the photos team on my head as we go down in these waters to the chest.
After two hours of truck, the singular path ended up abused in a clear, and we had a holes of holes that could fit in a football field, and they were all filled with slave workers.
A lot of women had kids tied up to their backs, and as they were looking for gold, they were walking in sentenced water with mercury water.
The marketing is used in the process of extraction.
These miners are enslaved in one of the other parts of Ghana.
When they went out of the wells they were pregnant in their own sweat itself.
I remember looking at his naked eyes, the indicators because many had been under land for 72 hours.
The wells have up to 90 feet, and these people carry heavy heavy bags that then will be transported to another area where they kill the stone so they can extract the gold.
First of all, the site seems to be filled with strong and powerful men but if we look closer at the margin -- we see the other less lucky and also children.
All of them are respect victims and disease and violence.
In fact, it's very likely that this muscle ends up like this victim of tuberculosis and the sentence of mercury in a few years.
This is Manhattan. When his father died, his uncle took him to work with him in the mines.
When he died his uncle, Mandela inherited the debt of the uncle that force him to be slave in mines.
When I met it, I had worked in the mines 14 years and the lesion of the leg that you see here is a product of an accident in the mines, so serious that doctors said that it should be completely completely.
In addition to that, Mandela has tuberculosis, and he doesn't have to be forced to work night and day in that mine.
Still, he dream of being released and educated with local activists like "The Sushimi The Solids, and it's this kind of determination, from face to a remote possibility -- which inspires me a lot of respect.
I want to throw light on slavery.
They knew that their images would be seen by you around the world.
I wanted you to know that we will give witness of them and we will make everything possible to help change their lives.
I honestly believe that if we can see each other as human beings, then it becomes very difficult to tolerate atrocities like slavery.
These images are not magazines -- they're people, real people, like you and like me, who deserve the same rights, dignity and respect in their lives.
There is no day that I don't think about these beautiful people -- mathematically, that I've had the great honor to meet.
I hope that these images will wake up a force in which you see them, in people like you, and I hope that that force gets a fire and that fire shine light about slavery because, without that light, the beauty of slavery can continue to live in the shadows.
Thank you very much.
I do math application, and there's a peculiar problem for anyone who does it -- we are like management consumption.
Nobody knows what the hell we do.
So today, I'm going to try and explain to you what I do.
The dance is one of the most human activities.
We get rid of the birds of the whale and the clip dancers -- we will see more forward.
But the ballet demands a degree of extraordinary training, a high level of dexterity and probably a certain initial authority that can well have a genetic component.
Sadly, neurological disorders like Parkinson's evil destroy gradually destroy this extraordinary ability, as it does with my friend Jane Stranger who, at his time, was a virtual virtual virus.
In the last few years, it has been done a lot in treatment.
However, there are six million people in the world that are sick, and they have to deal with an unsustainable weakness and temperatures, light and other symptoms of this disease, so we need objective tools to detect the disease before it's too late.
We need to be able to measure progress in a target way, and ultimately, the only way we will know if there is really a cure to be when we have an objective and a closing metrics, right?
But it's frustrating that for Parkinson's and other disorders of the movement there are no biological markers -- so they don't serve blood analysis and the best thing we have is a neurological exam of 20 minutes.
You have to go to a clinic to do it. It's very, very expensive, and that means that, outside clinical trials, they never do. It's never done.
And what if patients could do it at home?
That would save a journey to the clinic. What if patients could do the exam themselves.
You wouldn't need personal.
By the way, it costs about 300 dollars in the neurological clinic.
So what I want to propose to you as no conventional way to try it, you see, in a sense, at least, we are all virtual as my friend Jane Stranger.
This is a video of the visualization of vocal strings.
It shows someone who is healthy as it emits sounds when we speak, we can imagine as dancers of a vocal whale because we have to coordinate all those vocal organs to produce sounds and we all have the genes needed -- the Fox, for example.
And like the ballet requires a level of extraordinary training.
Let's think about the time that it takes a child to learn how to speak.
From sound, we can trace the position of vocal strings as they vibrate up, and as the Parkinson's affected the limbs, it also affects the vocal organs.
On the bottom of the bottom, you can see an example of a break of vocal strings.
We see the same symptoms.
You shake vocal temperature, weakness and advance.
The discourse becomes more quiet and aspiring after a while, and this is an example of symptoms.
How do you compare these extinctions based on the voice with specialized clinical trials -- well, both of them are not investing.
The neurological test is not investigated. Both use existing infrastructure.
You don't need to design a whole series of hospitals to make them.
Both of them are accurate. Well, but also the extra tests are not specialized.
I mean, they can be automatically.
They do very quickly, they take about 30 seconds as a lot.
They're about minimum cost, and we all know what happens.
When something takes a cost so low, it appears to massive scale.
These are some amazing goals.
We can reduce the logistical difficulties of patients.
I would not have to go to the clinic for the routine cold.
With high frequency, we could get objective data.
We could do massive recovery of low cost for clinical trials, and for the first time, failure cards at a general scale.
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first biomedictics of disease before it's too late.
So by giving the first steps in that sense, we are launching the Parkinson's vocal Initiative of Parkinson's Voice.
Together to Automobile and Petersons, we want to record a lot of voices around the world to collect enough data and start addressing these goals.
We have local lines accessible for about 750 million people in the world.
Anyone with or without Parkinson's, can call low price and leave recordings for a few cents, and I'm pleased to announce that we've already reached six percent of the goal in just eight hours.
Thank you.   Tom Rielly: So Mausin, taking all of these samples of, let's say 10,000 people, can you say who's healthy and who doesn't?
What are you going to take out of these shows?
Max Lifth. Yeah, yeah. What happens is that during the call you have to indicate whether you have or not the disease. TR: Sure.
MT: You see, some people may not happen. You may not finish it.
But we're going to get a very large sample of data collected in different circumstances, and do it in different circumstances is important because we're looking for cigarette factors in search for the real markers of disease.
TR: Do you have 86 percent accuracy right now?
MT: A lot more than that.
Actually, my Stanford student -- I have to publish it, has done a fantastic job, and now it's shown that it works on the mobile phone network too, which makes the project. We now have 99 percent accuracy now.
TR: November and nine. Well, it's an improvement.
MT: Absolutely.
TR: Thank you very much. Max Lincoln, public.
MT: Thank you, Tom.
Before March of 2011, I made photographic portraits in New York City.
We are colored creatures, gray creatures.
We hide in the dark, in fourth without windows and usually we avoid sunlight.
We make models that are still more disabled, the perfect skin even more perfect we do the impossible, possible and criticize us in the press all the time, but some of us are really artists with talent with many years of experience and a real taste for images and photograph.
On March 11, 2011, I saw from my house, just like the rest of the world, the traditional events that happened in Japan.
A little time later, an organization where it was voluntary -- Hans Volders, was in the place working as part of the answer team.
I, along with hundreds of other volunteers we knew we couldn't stay sitting at home, so I decided to join the group for three weeks.
On May 13, I traveled to Opera.
It's a small fish village located in the president of the Israel of almost 50,000 people, one of the first villages affected by the wave.
The water level recorded over 24 feet tall and over three miles inside.
As you can imagine, the village was desperately.
We took carbon rubble and sharks.
We cleaned up schools. We took the logic and we left the ready houses to be reversed and retailed.
We take tons and tons of dead fish, appropriate, put out of local factory.
We got sculptured and loved it.
For weeks, both the volunteers and the neighbors found similar things.
They found photos and pictures of photos and cameras and S.
Everybody did the same thing.
Get them up and take them to different places of the village around them to keep them.
It wasn't until then I realized that those pictures represented a huge part of the personal losses that people were suffering.
While they were fleeing from the wave, and to save their lives, they had to abandon everything they had.
At the end of my first week, I started to help in a village evolution center.
He helped clean the communal bathrooms the enormous bands, giant bands.
This place turned out to be the place of the village where the continuous center hits the photos.
So they took them and I had the honor that that day would trust me to clean hands of pictures.
This was exciting and inspiring -- I had heard the expression to think beyond the horizon, but it wasn't until I went through my horizons that something happened.
When I looked at the pictures, I found some of them that had over a hundred years old, and they were still on the lab on the lab, I couldn't help you think about how to fix that rate and repair that radical and meet hundreds of people who could do the same thing.
So that night I entered Facebook contacted with some of them, and the next morning, the answer was so overwhelming and positive that I knew we had to try.
So we started playing the photos.
This was the first of all.
I was not too strange, but where the water had declined the face of the girl had to be fixed with a lot of precision and dependence.
In another way, that little girl would not have the aspect of it, and that would be as tragic as having the photo picture.
Over the course of time, they came up with a lot more photos and they needed more recording that is that I entered Facebook and Lincoln and five days later, 80 people in 12 countries were offered to help.
In two weeks I had 150 people to join me.
In Japan, in July, we moved to Russia, a neighbor village north of Amazon.
Once a week we used our scanner in the temporary photographic libraries that had been installed where people were going to reclaim their photos.
The time they were trying to deliver them is a different story, it depends on the description of the photos.
It could impact an hour. It could make weeks of weeks.
It could be a few months.
This snow had to draw virtually by hand using the areas whose color and the detail of water had no destroyed.
It took a long time.
The water destroyed all of these pictures plunged into the saltwater water, covered with bacteria, with algae -- even with oil, all of that along with the time step on to destroy them, so clean by hand was an important part of the project.
We couldn't pick up the picture unless it was clean, dry and had been picked up by his owner.
We were lucky with the slime by hand.
We have the guide of an amazing neighbor game.
It's very easy to harm the photos already the day.
As Winniver, the leader of my group is like making a tattoo.
You can't make mistakes.
The woman who brought us these pictures was lucky in relation to photos.
He had started to wipe them off her own, but he stopped when he realized that he had even more.
I also had doubled.
Without them, the images of their husband and their own face would not have been able to rebuild the images in a single picture and play the whole picture.
When he picked his pictures shared some of his story with us.
A few colleagues from his husband found the photos in a fire station between the rubble quite far away from where their house, but their colleagues recognized it.
The day of the tsunami, his husband was the statement of closing the barriers to the wave.
It had to go inside the water while the Mermaid sounded single.
His little kids, not so small now, but their two children were in school, in different schools.
One of them was trapped in the water.
It took a week to find all his family and know that everybody had survived.
The day he handed her photos her youngest son 14 years.
For her, despite all of this, those pictures were the best gift I could do, something that he could go back to look, something that he could remember from the past that he wouldn't have been beaten by that day of March, when everything in his life changed or was destroyed.
After six months in Japan 110 volunteers had joined there to be hundreds of hundreds of them helped us clean up over 135,000 photos -- the big majority -- the big majority of the big majority of their dreams.
More than 500 volunteers around the world helped us return to 90 families of fully restorative photos and recorded.
During this time, we don't really spend more than 1,000 dollars in teams and materials, most of them in ink for printer.
We took photos constantly.
A picture is a memory of somebody or something, one place, a relationship -- somebody loved it.
They are guidelines of our memories and stories, the last thing we would take ourselves, but the first thing we would look for.
This was about this project, to restore small pieces of humanity, to return to someone their connection to the past.
When a picture like this comes back to somebody, it makes a huge difference in the life of the person who receives it.
This project also made a huge difference in the life of recordings.
Some of them connected to something bigger -- to bring something bigger, using their talents for something that are not a thin skin of perfect skin.
So to end up I would like to read this email -- I sent him to Civil the day I went back from Japan after six months.
As I was recording it couldn't avoid thinking about people and stories shown in the images.
One particular one, a photo with women of different ages from the grandmother to the small child, gathered around a baby, took me, because a similar picture of my family my grandmother, my mother, me and my daughter next to my own wall.
In the entire world, in all of our basic needs are the same, right?
Thank you.
And I said Egypt inspired us and curiosity with this picture of a bullet that goes through an apple in an exhibition of just a million seconds.
But now, 50 years later, we can go a million times faster and see the world not to a million or a billion frames per second.
I introduce you a new kind of photograph, the photographer, a new technique so fast that it can create videos in slow camera in motion.
And with that we can create cameras that you can see after rings, beyond the line of vision, or see the inside of the body without using X-rays, and they really defy the idea of camera.
If I take a laser dot and turn it into a biological second or it is, in several females to create a package of photons of just a millimeter wide.
And that picture of photons that balloon, traveling at the speed of light, and again, a million times faster than a common ball.
If we take that bullet and this package of photons and we shoot in this bottle, how do you slide those photons inside this bottle?
What is the aspect of light in slow camera?
Now, all of this --  -- remember that all of this happens in less than a nanotechnology is what it takes to travel the light.
But this video is 10 billion times slower so you can see light in motion.
Coca-Cola didn't have this research --   and a lot of things in this movie.
The pulse, our bullet goes into the bottle, with a package of photons that starts to go through it and that, within it starts to disappear.
Part of the light is forced, goes to the table, and we started seeing these computers.
A lot of the photons finally come to the lid and then explode in various directions.
As you can see, there's a book bubble that bounces inside the inside.
And at that time, the waves travel through the table, and because of the reflections of the top, you see at the bottom of the bottle, after several squares, that the reflections are focused on.
Now, if we take a common and ordinary bullet and make it go to the same distance and see it in slow camera to about 10 billion times, how much do you think that would take us to sit in that film?
A day? A week? Actually, a whole year.
It would be a very boring movie --  -- of a slow ball in motion.
And what about the dead nature?
You can see the waves that get off the table, the tomato and the wall of the background.
It's like throwing a stone on a pond.
It's the way nature paints a picture, thought, from a family at the same time, but of course, our eyes see an integral composition.
But if you look at one more time, you will realize that, as the light goes out of the tomato, it goes brilliant -- not display.
Why? Because the tomato is mature and the light bounce in its interior, and it comes back after several trillion seconds.
In the future, when this photographer is on their mobile phone, they will be able to go to the supermarket and verify if the fruit is mature without having to touch it.
What do we create this camera at MIT.
As photographs, you know, if we take a picture at low exposure, it goes very little light.
But we're going to go a billion times faster than the shortest exhibition than the shortest exhibition, so you just get some light.
We sent that bullet that paper, millions of times, millions of times, and we recorded over and over again with a very thin synthesizing, we took those diagnostics of data and we put them out computational to create those females that I showed you.
We can take all those data in raw and process them in interesting ways.
Superman can fly.
Other heroes can become invisible.
What if a new power of a future support would allow him to see after the rings?
The idea is that we could throw some light on the door. Remote, go into the room, one part is going to reflect on the door, and from there to the camera.
Where we could extract those multiple light robots.
It's not science fiction. We've already built it.
On the left is our photographer.
Behind the wall there is a handle and we'll bounce the light on the door.
After from the publication of our article in Nature Communications.
And a small fraction of the photons will go back to the camera, but interestingly, in slightly different moments.
And as we have a camera that works like this, our photographer, has unique skills.
It has very good temporary resolution and you can look at the world at the speed of light.
So we know the distances to the door and also the hidden objects, but we don't know what point corresponds to what distance.
When you project a laser you can record a picture of a picture, you see on the screen, it really doesn't make any sense.
But we'll take a lot of images like that, tens of images, we'll put them together and try to analyze the multiple breaks of light, and with that, can we see the hidden object of the house?
Can we see it in 3D.
This is our reconstruction here.
We have things to explore before we get this out of the lab, but in the future, we could create cars that avoid collision with what is around the curve.
Or we could search for survivors in dangerous conditions looking at the light reflected by open windows.
Or we could build imperfections that can be able to see the inside of the body by dragging bodies, and the same thing for choices.
But, of course, because of tissue and blood, this is quite difficult, so this is actually a request to scientists to start thinking about photography as a new model of visualization to solve the health imaging problems in the next generation.
Just like Doctor Edingulant, he himself a scientist, he turned into art science, an art of extraordinary pictures.
And I realized that all of the diagnostics of data that we collected are not just for scientific visualization, but we can be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
Create a new form of computer photography with slow camera and color code.
And we look at those waves. Remember, the time between each one of those waves is just a few trillion seconds.
But this is also something fun.
If you look at the waves under the shot, you get away from us.
The waves should move towards us.
What happens here?
It turns out, as we're recording almost at the speed of light, we have strange effects -- Einstein would have loved to see this image.
The order that events occur in the world are sometimes invested in the camera.
By applying the corresponding democracy of space and time, we can correct this distortion here.
It's time. Thank you.
Hi. This is my mobile phone.
A cell can change life, and you give you individual freedom.
With a cell phone can photograph a crime against humanity in Syria.
With a cell phone, you can take a message and start a protest in Egypt.
With a cell phone, you can record a song, upload it to Sunade and get famous.
This is all possible with a mobile phone.
I'm a 1984 boy and I live in the city of Berlin.
Let's go back at that time, this city.
Here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people were protected in search for change.
This is the fall of 1989, imagine if all these people came together to be protected in search for a change, had a cell phone in the pocket.
Who at the present have a cell here?
Get them up.
Raise your cell phone, give you them."
Get them -- an Android -- a Blacky, wood."
It's a lot. Almost everybody has a mobile phone.
But today I'm going to talk about me, from my cell phone, and how I changed life.
I'll talk about this.
These are 35 little information lines.
Data in the bus.
Why is that information there?
Because in the summer of 2006, the E.U. Commission presented a director.
Data Rethantle Director.
This drug says that every European telephone company, every single Internet provider across Europe, has to store a broad range of information from users.
Who calls who, who sends an email to who he sends to.
Who sends a text to who he sends to.
And if we use the phone, where we are.
All this information is stored for at least six months, and to two years, in your phone company or your Internet providers.
And all over Europe, people stood up and said, "We don't want this."
They said they didn't want this data contractor.
We want the automation in the digital age, and we don't want the phones and the Internet owners to store all this information about us.
There were lawyers, journalists, priests, everybody said, "We don't want this."
And here you can see about 10,000 people who came up to Berlin streets and said, "Free for no fear.
And some even said that this would be the System 2.0 thing.
Star was the secret police of Eastern Germany.
And I also wondered if this works really work.
Can you store all this information about us?
Every time I use the mobile phone?
So I asked my phone, Destert Telescope, who was then the largest telephone company in Germany, who please would send me all the information they had about me.
I asked them once, and I went back to me, and I didn't get a concrete answer. It was all blah blah.
But then I said, I want to have this information because you're protecting my life.
So I decided to start a judicial demand because I wanted to have this information.
But Destertis Telescope said no, we won't give you this information.
At the end we signed an agreement.
I took the demand and they would send me the information that I had.
Meanwhile, the German constitutional Trunk was fascinated by the German law of the E.U.
So I got this ugly baby on brown with a CD inside.
And in the CD there was this.
It's training and five thousand pieces of information lines.
I first saw them and I said, well, it's a huge file, OK.
But after a while, I realized it's my life.
There are six months of my life in this archive.
It was a little scale. What should I do with that?
Because you can see where I am, where I spend the night, what I'm doing.
But then I said, I want this information to come out.
I want to make it public.
Because I want to show people what the data storage means.
So, next to Keith Online and Open Data City, we did this.
This is a six months of my life.
You can zoom up and go up, go back and forward.
You can see every step that I do.
And you can see how I go from Frank in train to colony, and what often I call in the trajectory.
This is all possible with this information.
That gives a little scary.
But it's not just about me.
It's all of us.
First of all, there are things like, I call my wife and she calls me a couple of times.
Then they call me some friends and they call them between them.
And then one called the other, and the other one to the other, and we ended up with this great network of communication.
You can see how their people communicate each other to what time they call each other, which hour they sleep.
You can see all this.
You can see the centers, the leaders of the group.
If you have access to this information, you can see what society is doing.
If you have access to this information, you can control your society.
This is a model for countries like China and Iran.
This is a model to study the shape of your society, because you know who talks to who, who sent an email to who, all of this is possible if you have access to this information.
And this information is stored at least six months in Europe, and until two years.
As I said at the beginning, imagine if all these people on the streets in Berlin, in the fall of 1989, had a cell phone in the pocket.
And the Stars had known who participated in this protest, and if the Stars had known who the leaders were, this would never happen.
The Berlin Wall may never have happened.
And in conclusion, neither of the Korean Court.
Because today the state agencies and companies want to store so much information from us as possible inside the web.
They want to have the possibility to follow our lives and they want to store them forever.
But automation and living in the digital age, it's not a contradiction.
But today, you have to fight the automation.
You have to fight that every day.
When they go home to tell their friends that privacy is a 21st century value and it's not moved out of fashion.
When you go home, tell your representation that just because companies and state agencies can store certain information, you don't have to do it.
And if you don't believe me, ask your phone company, what information you store from you.
So in the future, every time they use their cell phones that serve them to remember that they have to fight the advice in the digital era.
Thank you.
Hello TEDTalks, what happens?
It's not enough.
Hello TEDTalks, what happens?
I call me Mac Zaib and I'm not a strange, but I know the doctor that brought me into the world.
I cut my mom six times in six different directions, supporting the poor of me in the process.
As a result, I have brain paralysis, that's why it turns out all the time.
Look at it.
It's advanced. I'm like a Sharland mix.
and Muhammad Al Al Al Al Al Al Al Al Al Al Al Al Al Al Al Al one.
The P. C is not genetics.
It's not connection or it can be told.
No one maps the third of my mother and not the contract because my parents were brothers, although they are.
It just goes through accidents, like the one that happened to me.
Now, I warn you, I'm not a source of inspiration -- I don't want any of the present.
It feels bad for me, because at some point in life, they have wanted to be disappointed.
Let's go from walk.
Christmas speech, are in the commercial center, drive in circles in search for parking and what do you see?
16 empty places for disappointed.
And they thought, "God, can I be at least a little bit disabled?"
In addition, I tell you, I have 99 problems, and the P. C is just one of them.
There's a gold of opposition, I would win the gold medal.
I'm Palina, Muslim, woman, disability and alive in New Jersey.
If you don't feel better, maybe you should do it.
I'm from "Jurassic Clarka, in New Jersey.
I always loved that my neighborhood and my disease had the same initials.
I also love that if I wanted to walk from my house to New York, I could.
A lot of people with brain paralysis don't walk, but my parents don't believe in the "complex."
The mantra of my father was, "You can do it. Dan song."
If my three younger sisters cleaned up, I cleaned up.
If my three older sisters went to public school, my parents took to the school system, and they were sure that I also went out, and if we didn't take all the same notes, we all got the shoes of my mother.
My father taught me to walk at five years by putting my tables into his feet and just walking away.
Another technique that I used was to hang up a dollar in front of me so that I would chase it.
The spark that I carry inside was very strong.
Yeah. The first day in the kindergarten garden walked as a bomb camp that has received a lot of strings.
By growing up, there were only six Arabs in my city, and they were all of the family.
Now there are 20 Arabs -- and they're still all of the family.  I think nobody realized that we were not Italian.
This was before 9/11, and that politicians would think about using "Music to Muslims as a campaign.
The people I grew up with didn't have trouble with my faith.
However, it seemed to worry about a lot of hunger during the brand.
I would tell you that I had enough fat to live three months without eating, so I'm going to end up the dawn of being very easy.
Bali passed in Brazil.
Yeah, in Brazil. It's crazy.  My parents couldn't afford physical therapy, so they sent me to dance school.
I learned to dance with tattoos, or I can walk with tattoos.
I'm from New Jersey, and there we want to be a kid, so if my friends were using stunts, I too.
And when my friends were going to spend summer vacation on the coast of Jerusalem, I wasn't going.
I spent my summers in a war zone, because my parents feared that if we didn't go back to Palestine every summer, we become Madon.
In summer vacation at often my father was trying to greet me, so I drank crazy milk -- they put me hot cups on the back, and I was immersed in the Dead Sea, and I remember the water burned my eyes and I thought, "Wow, it work."
But the miracle cure was the algae.
I have to say it's very boring, but before doing yoga was a sunset comedian that could not be able to stand up.
And now I can hold on the head.
My parents brought this idea that I could do anything, that no dream was impossible, and my dream was to be on the General Hospital.
I went to college through positive discrimination, and I got a scholarship for the U.K., University of the State of Arizona, because it was in all of us.
It was like the master of the theater department.
Everybody loved me.
I did all of the least smart tasks, I took the right note in my class, and also in their classes.
Every time I was doing a scene from the crystal zoo my teachers cry.
But I never got a role.
Finally, in my last year, the USDA decided to do a work called Daniel very slow in Jacks.
It's a piece of a girl with brain paralysis.
I was a girl with brain paralysis.
So I started screaming at the top four winds, "In order to have a paper."
I have cerebral parasites.
By the end of the free forest.
Thanks to God hotters, at the end I'm free."
I didn't get the paper.  You gave it to Shirley Brown.
I went to include the director of the theater department, crying, historically, as if somebody had killed my cat, to ask why and she told me that because they believed that I couldn't make the risk scenes.
And I said, "Excuse me, if I can't do the risk stunts either.
It was a role that literally was born and gave it to an actress without brain paralysis.
The university was imitating my life.
Hollywood has a strange story of adding actors without disability for disabled papers.
When I graduated, I went home, and my first active tour was a strange on a television.
My dream became reality.
And I knew it would be a company as a "line" to "earlier friends in a sanitation.
Instead, I stayed there as a vase -- I didn't see more than the new, and it was evident for me that repetition directors were not going to hire goods, not white, with disability.
They just hired perfect people.
But there were exceptions to the rule.
I grew up watching Whale Golden, Rosetta Barby, Elly, and all these women had one thing in common: they were computer.
So I became a humor.
In my first tour, I took famous comic comics from New York to New Jersey and never forget the face of the first chemistry that took when I fell in the account that I was at high speed by the New Jersey freeway, with a driver that had brain paralysis.
I worked in clubs across the United States, and also in Arabic in the Middle East, without centimate and with no self.
Some people say that I'm the first monoling world in the Arab world.
I never like to reclaim the first place, but I know you never heard that little disabled rumor that says that women are not fun, and they find us very fun.
In 2003, my brother from another mother and father, Dean Olympic, and I launched the Federal comedy Festival in New York City, now in his 10 year.
Our goal was to change the negative image of Americans in the media and to remind them to the report directors that South and Arab are not synthetic.
Interestingly integrating Arabs was much easier to fight the challenge of the disability of disability.
My great opportunity came in 2010.
I was invited to the news program for cable contractor back with Keith Oldest.
I walked into a graduation dance and dragged me to a study and sat down in a wheelchair.
I looked at the director and I said, "Excuse me, can you give me another chair?
She looked at me and said, five, four, three, two.
And we were alive.
So I was clinging to the desk desk to not come out of the screen around the screen, and when I finished the interview, I was floating.
At the end, I had my opportunity and the depressed. I knew they wouldn't be invited again.
But not only Mr. Oldest went back to invite me, but I went as a full-time participant and I pasted my chair.
Something fun that I learned in direct with Keith Oldes was that people on the Internet are expensive.
It's said that kids are cruel -- but they never get fun of me or a girl or older.
Suddenly, my disability on the Internet became a bus object.
And I saw clips online, like, "Why the temple."
"Is it retrofitting?
And my favorite, "Poor bus board.
What disease does it have?
We should really take for it."
A comment suggested even to add my disability to my culture. Guilty, computer, parallel.
Disability is as visual as race.
If someone in wheelchair can't do Beijing, then Benjamen can't make someone in chairs.
The disabled are the -- yeah, clap -- man. Let's go.
The disabled are the largest minority in the world, and the most represented in the entertainment world.
The doctors said I wouldn't walk, but I'm here in front of you.
However, I have grown up with the media, I don't think it was.
I hope we can create more positive images of disability in media and everyday life.
Maybe if there were more positive images, that would be less hate on the Internet.
Or maybe not.
Maybe we still need all the society to teach our children.
My turtle journey has led me to very spectacular places.
I got to walk through the red carpet flat by the divided of the phones Susan Laurence and the Great Lab Bridge.
I got to act in a film with Adam Sandy and work with my own, the incredible Dave Matthews.
I remember the world by getting the Arab better and becoming crazy."
I was delivered in the great state of New Jersey in the 2008.
And I founded "The Children of Magical an organization to give the Palestinian refugee kids a little bit of what my parents gave me.
It was the only time my father saw me acting live, and I devote this talk to her memory.
"Peace in peace, Papara.
I call me Magazine Zackuck, and if I can, you can too.
I'd like to tell you a story about a kid of a small town.
I don't know his name, but I know his story.
It lives in a small town to South Somalia, in Somalia.
This village is near Mogarton.
The droughts drive the little village to poverty and the edge of the individual.
Without anything for him there, he goes to the big city, in this case, Mogarton, the capital of Somalia.
When it comes there, there is no opportunity, there's no work, no work perspective.
He just lived in a tent in the city to the outskirts of Mollywood.
After maybe a year, nothing.
One day is about a gentleman that offers him to lunch it, after dinner, to deserve.
You know a dynamic group of people, which gives you a disaster.
It gets a little bit of money to buy new clothes, money to send home, their family.
They present a young guy.
He finally got home.
It starts a new life.
It has a life goal.
A beautiful day in Mogarton, under a blue sky, a car bomb.
That little boy from that little village with dreams of great care was the suicide bomber and that dynamic group of people were the Shanghai, a terrorist organization connected to the Qaeda.
So how do the story of a kid in a small village trying to fulfill their dreams in the city ends with him immediately?
He was waiting.
I was waiting for an opportunity, waiting to start their future, waiting for a future perspective, and this was the first thing that came to him.
This was the first thing that I pulled it out of what we call "the waiting period.
And their story repeats in urban centers around the world.
It's the story of the sades, young urban urban urban urban trials that are desperately desperately desperately in London, they have a riots in London, which seeks something beyond the waiting picture."
For young people, the promise of city, the great dream of city is the opportunity of the opportunity, of jobs, of well-being, but young people don't participate in the prosperity of their cities.
It's often the youth that suffers from the highest rates of unemployment.
By 2030, three of five people who live in cities will be less than 18 years.
If we don't include young people in the growth of our cities, if we don't give them opportunities -- the story of the waiting personal -- the access door to the terrorism, to the violence, to the spiders, to the spiders, to be the history of cities.
And in my city, Mougler, 70 percent of young people are unemployed.
Seventy percent don't work, it doesn't go to school.
They don't do anything.
I went back to Molfward last month, and I went to visit the Madan hospital, the hospital where I was born.
I remember going to that hospital like the balances to think about, and if I never would have gone?
What if I was forced to be in that same specific specific specific?
Would I have become terrorism?
I'm not really sure of the answer.
The reason I was in Mogarto that month was actually to support some juvenile leaders in a corporate corner.
It was about 90 Somali juvenile leaders.
We sat down and we had a rain of ideas about solutions to the great challenges that are facing the city.
One of the young people in the room was Adam.
He went to Mougler University, he graduated it.
There was no work, no opportunity.
I remember when he said to me, that because it was a graduate college universal, unemployed, frustrated, was the perfect white for al Shabaab and other terrorist organizations, to be recruited to be recruited to be.
They were looking for people like it.
But this story takes a different path.
In Mogarton, the biggest obstacle to get from point A to B is the streets.
Twenty years of civil war have completely destroyed the visual system, and a motorcycle can be the easiest way to mobilize it.
And they saw an opportunity and he opened it.
It started a computer company.
It started riding motorcycles to the local residents who normally couldn't buy them.
I bought 10 motors, with the help of his family and friends, and his dream is at some point to expand hundreds of engines over the next three years.
Why is this story?
What makes this story different?
I think their ability to identify and leverage a new opportunity.
It's the entrepreneurial spirit -- and I think the business spirit can be the most powerful tool against the speed "person."
It forms young people to be the creators of the economic opportunities that are looking for so desperately.
And you can train young people to be entrepreneurs.
I want to talk to you about a young man who attended one of my meetings, Moual Moual, a flower.
I was helping me train some of the young people in the summit of corporate initiative and how to be innovative and how to create a culture of business initiative culture.
In fact, it's the first flower that Mogarton has seen in more than 22 years, and until recently, until Muhammad came out, if you wanted flowers for your wedding. You used to be plastic from the foreign star.
If you asked somebody, "When was the last time you saw free flowers?
For those who grew up during the civil war, the answer would be, never.
So Mohamed saw an opportunity.
I started a company of painting and floating design.
I created a farm on the outskirts of Mogarton, and he started growing tubes and lights, who said, could survive the hard climate of Mogarton.
And it started the flow of flowers for wedding winds, creating gardens in the houses, and the companies of the city, and it's now working on the creation of the first public park in Mosaick in 22 years.
There are no public parks in Molf.
He wants to create a space where the families, the young people, they can go together, and like he says, hearing the proverbial romans.
By the way, he doesn't grow pink because they use a lot of water.
So, the first step is to inspire young people, and in that room, the presence of Mohamed had a really profound impact in young people.
They had never thought about starting a business.
They had thought about working for a NGOs, working for the government, but their story, their innovation, really had a strong impact on them.
I forced them to look at their city as a place of opportunity.
I encouraged them to believe that they could be entrepreneurs, that they could be artificial of change.
By the end of the day, they had innovative solutions for some of the biggest challenges facing the city.
They were creating business solutions for local problems.
So, inspire young people and create a culture of entrepreneurial spirit is really a great step, but young people need capital to make their ideas happen.
They need experience and orientation to guide them in development and put their business from their business.
They connect young people with the resources that they need to build the support they need to move from awareness to creation, and create catalyst for urban growth.
For me, the entrepreneurial spirit is something more than starting a business.
It's to create a social impact.
Mozart is not just selling flowers.
I think it's selling hope.
Their Peace Park, this is how it calls it, when it's created, to transform the way people see their city.
They put children on the street to help rent and keep the motors for him.
He gave them the opportunity to escape the paralyze personal speed."
These young entrepreneurs are having a tremendous impact in their cities.
So my suggestion is, they turn young people in entrepreneurs and they go up and feed their inherent innovation, and they will have more stories about flowers and parks of the peace than shared and "personal points."
Thank you.
I was about 10 years old, and I went to camping with my dad in the Arabic mountains, an area in North New York City.
It was a beautiful day.
The forest found.
The sun would make the leaves glow like a visible, and not to be on the path that we followed, we could almost pretend that we were the first human beings to spend that land.
We got to our camp camp.
It was a college in a risk with a beautiful crystal lake when I discovered something horrible.
Behind the collar there was a barrel, from about four square feet with apple heart potters with aluminum paper blades and old flattered.
And I was announced, I was very angry, incredibly confused.
The camps that were too lazy as to take what they had created, who thought he was going to clean their desert?
That question followed with me, and it was just a little bit.
Who clean our display?
No matter how they organize or where they put our outbreak, who clean our trash in Stan?
Who clean our trash in Rio or Paris or in London.
Here in New York City, the Department of Health clean our disaster, to 11 tons of waste and 2,000 tons of recyclable products every day.
I wanted to meet them as individuals.
I wanted to understand who does that work.
What do you feel to use the uniform and take that charge?
So I started a research project with them.
I traveled in the trucks and walked through his trajectories and interviewed people in office and facilities across the city, and I learned a lot, but it was still an intriguing.
I needed to get more.
So I started working as a garbage collection.
Now I wasn't just traveling on trucks. I drove them.
And I operated the mechanical schools and the snow bares.
It was a remarkable privilege and an amazing learning.
Everybody asks about smell.
It's there, but it's not as prevalent as they believe, and in the days that it's very strong one was used quickly.
It costs a lot of use to weight.
I met people who had worked on it for several years, and their bodies continued to adjust the weight of taking their body tons of garbage every week.
It's also the danger.
According to the Bureau of Labor statistics, the waste collection is one of the ten most dangerous occupation, and I learned the reason.
You're coming out and entering the traffic all day and you're going around around you.
They just want to stop, so in general, the driver is not paying attention.
That's very bad for the worker.
And also the trash itself is full of dangers that are often falling out of the truck and causes terrible damage.
I also learned about the basic thing about garbage.
When you get out of the continent and you see a city from the back of the truck, you get to understand that garbage is like a force of nature itself.
It never stops coming.
It's also like a form of breathing or circulation.
It must always be in motion.
And it's also the stigma.
It seems to me that stigma is especially ironic because I think the waste records are the most important work in the city streets, for three reasons.
They're the first public health.
If you don't get rid of waste in efficient and effective ways every day, this starts to get rid of their containers and their inherent dangers are threatened in very real ways.
diseases that we had controlled for decades and centuries come back and start to give them down.
The economy needs them.
If we can't get rid of the old we don't have space for what the engines of the economy start to fail when it's in danger the consumption.
I'm not advocating for capitalism, just signal your relationship.
And then there's what I call our average speed daily speed.
I mean just at the speed that we used to move into the time of contemporary time.
We usually don't worry about it, we don't repair it, we clean or take us with our coffee cup -- our ball ball, our water bottle.
We use them, we take them, we forget about them, because we know that there is a job force on the other side that will come from it.
So today I want to suggest to you a couple of ways of thinking about the collection of waste that maybe help reduce the stigma and put them into that conversation about how to design a sustainable and human city.
Their work, I think, is almost liberating.
They're on the street every day in the street every day.
They use a uniform in many cities.
You know when you expect them.
And their work allows us to do ours.
They're almost a form of relief.
The flow that keeps us out of ourselves from our own waste, our deserts, our deserts, and that flow always has to stay in one way or another.
One day after September 11th, 2001, I listened to the group of a waste collection truck on the street, grabbed my little son and went down the stairs running around, and there was a man doing his paper recycling as he did all the microbes.
And I tried to thank her for doing this particular day, but I started crying.
And I looked at me and just nodded and said, "We're going to be okay.
We're going to be good."
Shortly after that, I started investigating the waste collection and I went back to that man.
It's called Paulo, we worked together many times and we made good friends.
I want to believe that Paul was right.
We're going to be okay.
But in our efforts to reform the way we exist on this planet as a species we need to include and have in account all the costs, even the very real human cost of the labor of labor.
The municipal waste, what we think about when we talk about garbage, represent three percent of the number of waste of the nation.
It's a remarkable statistics.
So in the flow of their days and their lives, the next one you see someone whose job is to clean up the garbage of you, take a moment to recognize them.
Take a moment to say thank you.
My work focuses on the connection of thinking in our community life by forming part of the environment where architecture is born naturally from conditions and local traditions.
Today I brought two recent projects as an example of this.
Both projects are located in emerging countries, one in Ethiopia and the other in Tunisia.
They also share the fact that different analysis from different perspectives become an essential part of the end of architecture.
The first example started with an invitation to design a commercial center in the capital of Ethiopia, Adam Abed.
This is the kind of construction that showed us as an example, my team and me, about what we had to design about.
At first, the first thing I thought was, "I want to get out of running."
After seeing some of these buildings there are many of these buildings in the city, we realized that there are three important aspects to return.
In principle, these buildings are almost empty because they have very large stores where people can't afford to buy things.
Second, you need to employ a lot of energy because the review with crystals generates heat on the inside, so it's necessary for a lot of energy.
In a city where this shouldn't happen because it's a temperate climate that goes from 20 to 25 degrees throughout the year.
And thirdly, your aspect has nothing to do with Africa or Ethiopia.
It's a penguin trying to be a place that is so rich in culture and traditions.
In our first visit to Ethiopia, it was really captured with the ancient market that is this structure to free air where thousands of people, go and buy things every day to small self-expectations.
There's also that idea of using public space to generate external activity.
So I thought, that was what I really wanted to design, not a commercial center.
But the question was how to build a modern building, from several steps, applying these principles.
The next challenge was presented by analyzing the site, which is located in a area of a lot of the city, where a lot of the buildings we now see in the image, didn't exist.
And it's also between two parallel streets that are not communicating in a hundred meters of meters.
So the first thing we did was we created a connection between these two streets, using all the entries of the building.
And this is spread with an including antenna that creates a space to free air in the building that is automatically, in its own way, from the sun and the rain of it.
And around this space, we've applied the idea of the market with small businesses, changing in every floor because of the shape of space.
I also thought, how do you close the building?
I wanted to find a solution that responds to local climate conditions.
And I started thinking about a kind of similar tissue to a paradigm of purposes to allow the air input and also the light, but in a filtered way.
Then we inspired in these beautiful buttons of the stages of the Ethiopian seats.
They have properties of the fractal geometry, and this helped me model the face.
We're building that with these little pieces that are prepared that are the windows that let the air and light in a way controlled inside the building.
This is full with these little colored crystals that use the light inside of the building to illuminate the building at night.
And with these ideas it wasn't easy to convince the developers because they thought, "That's not a commercial center. It wasn't what we asked."
But ultimately, we all realized that this market idea turned out to be much more profitable than the commercial center because in the end, there were more local to sell.
And then the idea of the facade was a lot more economic, not just because of the material compared to glass, but also because it was no longer necessary to have air conditioning.
So we get certain savings in the budget that we use to implement the project.
The first thing was to think about how to achieve energy self-experience for the building in a city where electricity is almost every day.
So we got a great advantage by putting pottery on the roof.
And then under those panels we think about the roof as a new public space with areas of meeting and bars that would create this urban oasis.
And these pieces on the roof, that in terms of collecting water for the sanitations inside.
It was expected for the beginning of the next year, because we're going on the fifth floor of construction.
The second example is a master plan from 2,000 apartments and services in Tunisia.
And to do a big project, the biggest thing that I ever designed, I needed not only to understand the city of Tunisia but also their environment, their tradition and the culture.
During that analysis I put a special attention in the medicine, a 1,000 years of ancient antibody that was surrounded by a wall with a dozen access doors connected by almost straight lines.
When I went to the place, the first design operation that we did was extend the existing streets, creating 12 similar initial blocks in size and features that there are in Barcelona and other cities in Europe with these courtyards of Europe.
In addition to that, we selected some strategic dots in relation to the idea of the doors connected with straight lines, and this drives the initial model.
And the last operation was to think about the cell, the small cell of the project, like the apartment, as an essential part of the master plan.
I thought, what would be the best orientation for an apartment in media climate?
And it's North because it creates a thermal difference between both sides of the house, and therefore a natural ventilation.
So we put a scheme that sure most apartments are perfectly oriented in that direction.
And this is the result that's almost like a combination of the European block and the Arab city.
It has these blocks with pathologies, and then on the low plant we have all the connections for the pedestrians ...
And it also responds to local norms that make greater density on higher levels and a lower density in the lower plant.
And it also reinforces this idea of the doors.
The roof, which is my favorite space of the project is almost like giving the community the space occupied by construction.
It's where all the neighbors can go up and society, and make activities such as running a car of two miles in the morning, or jumping from one building to another.
These two examples, they have a common approach in the design process.
And also, they're in emerging countries, where you can see cities literally growing.
In these cities, the impact of architecture in people's lives changes communities and local economies at the same rate as buildings.
For this reason, I see even more important to look at architecture looking for simple but affordable solutions that improve the relationship between the community and the environment and they have a goal to connect nature with people.
Thank you very much.
When I was eight years old, a new girl entered our class. It was so remarkable, as you see all the new girls.
I had huge amounts of hair very bright and a little bit of pencil states, cute. It was super strong for the capitals of states, very good for organization.
I ended up that year, and I was full of cells, until I brought my slide plan.
One day I had a time after the school out of school. It was a little bit afternoon, and I hid myself on the children's bathroom.
When the coast was filled out, I went out in the classroom, I took from the table of my teacher the category book.
And then I did.
I altered the ratings of my rivals, just a little bit, just like this.
All of the so.  And I went back to the book to the box, but to see, some of my other partners had very good notes as well.
So in a southern, I ran the notes around the world, without any imagination.
I put every row of Day and myself a row of that, just because I could.
I still surprised what I did.
I don't understand how the idea came from.
I don't understand why I felt good doing it.
I felt important.
I don't understand why they never caught me.
It was all declined obvious.
They never discovered me.
But especially the reason I was bothered that this little girl, so small, it was so good for organization.
I was introduced to the cells.
They're so mysterious and so painted.
We know that babies suffer from cells.
Also, the primates -- the blue birds are very powerful.
We know that cells are the number one cause of car killings in the U.S.
And yet, I've never seen a study that analyzes loneliness or long duration or sadness.
So you have to go to fiction, because novels are like the lab where the cells are studied in all their possible ways.
In fact, I don't know if it's an exaggeration to say that if there were no jealousy, I would be not literature.
Well, there would be no Hello infection, there would be "Dear."
There would be no cell king or "The Thousands and a night."
There would be no Shakespeare.
It would disappear the reading lists of high school, because we would be losing "The noise and the "Spinal Standard: there would be no "The "The Rough and Fire" -- we would lose Mayon Bowld and "The K.
No jealousy, no Prostate -- I know it's fashionable to say that Prostan has the answers for everything, and in terms of the jealousy, it almost has all of them.
This year is 100 years of his master play, "In search for the long time -- the most exclusive study of sexual cells and also the order of the ordinary competition, my own, everything we could have.  And thinking about Prostali, we have the sensory details, right?
We think about a child trying to reconcile sleep.
We think of a humiliating magic in your sandwich.
We forget about how hard that image.
We forget how implanted it is.
I mean, it's books that Virgin Woll said were as hard as a cat strain.
I don't know what the cat track, but we assume it's surprise.
Let's see why they go so well together, the novel and the cells. The cells and the crowds.
Is it going to be very obvious as the cells, which are reduced to the person, to their wish, to their imperatives, are a narrow narrative base base?
I don't know. I think we get very close to the bone, when we think about what happens when we feel cells.
When we feel cells, we tell ourselves a story.
A story about other people's lives, and those stories make us feel terrible because they're designed for that, to make us feel bad.
It's going to be narrative and audience, we know exactly what details to include to clarify the knife, right?
The cells make us all amateur novelts, and that's something that Prostan understood.
Everything that she does to give me pleasure could make pleasure to another, maybe right now."
And it starts to tell itself that story, and since then, Prostan says that every love that Shanghai detects in his lover, he adds his collection of torture instruments in his private camera.
You have to admit that Shanghai and Prostan, they were notoriously cell.
You know, Prostan neighbors would have to abandon the country, if they wanted to break with it.
But you don't have to be so celebrated to recognize that it's a tough job. Right?
The cells are adults.
It's a hungry emotion. You have to feed it.
And what are the cells?
The cells are nutritive from information.
The cells use the details.
The cells like the big amounts of bright hair and the cute and small piece of light.
The cells get rid of the photos.
That's why Instagram is so successful --  Prosthetic links well the language with the chair of the cells.
When Shanghai is in his chicken agent, he suddenly hears behind the doors and bribe the services of his lover, then they define those behaviors.
He says, "Look, I know you think this is replaced, but it's not different to the interpretation of an old text or to look at a money."
He says, "It's scientific research with real intellectual value.
Prostalia is trying to prove that the cells look intelligent and make us seem absurd, but in their mind, they are pursuit of knowledge, search for truth, a painful truth. In fact, to what Prostan concentrates, the more painful the truth, the better.
Pain the humor, humor, loss. These were the pathways to Prostalia wisdom.
He says, "A woman who we need, that makes us suffer in us a much deeper range of feelings and vital men than a wise man who can be interested in us.
Is it telling us that we're going to look for crucial women?
No. I think it's trying to say that the cells reveal ourselves.
And there is some other emotion that makes us open up in this particular way?
Is there any other emotion revealed by our aggrention, our horrible ambition and our rights?
Any other emotion that taught us to look at so peculiar intensity?
Freud wrote about this later.
One day, Freud was visited by a young young man who was consumed with the idea that his wife was disappeared.
And Freud says there was something weird about that man, who didn't look at what his wife did.
Well, she was innocent, everybody knew it.
The poor creature was under suspicion without any cause.
But he was looking for things that he did his wife, without realizing it, involuntary behaviors.
Is smiling too much, or is it accidentally rock with a man?
Freud says that the man was becoming the cost of the unconscious of his wife.
The novels are very good at this.
The novels describe very well how cells make us look at intensity but without precision.
In fact, the more we are in fact, the more we become the rest of the fantasy.
And for this reason, I think, the cells lead us to make violent or illegal act.
The cells drive us to behave completely immediately.
Now I'm thinking about me at eight years, I recognize it, but I'm also thinking about this story that I heard in the news.
A woman from Michael from 52 years old, was captured by having created a fake account on Facebook since he was sent out of the video messages to himself, awful for a year.
For a year. A whole year.
She was trying to figure out the new girlfriend of his former boyfriend -- I have to confess that when or this, it was addition.
Because, let's be realistic.
What enormous, although unfortunately, creativity. Right?
It's like novel.
Like a National Middle Patient.
High is one of my favorites.
She's a very strange and brilliant character of American literature.
It's the author of "Three-year-olds in a Treating and "The Taliban Mr. Riverson: books that are trying to do the cells, and then we are on the sphere, and once we're on the sphere, in the realm of the streets, the membrane that separates what it might be, it can be persuaded in a second.
Take Tom Rick, his most famous character.
Tom Rick is going to be wanting or wanting what you have to get out of your self and to be aware of what you ever had, and it's under the floor. You respond to your name, you take your rings, take your bank accounts.
It's a way.
But what do we do? We can't take the route of Tom Rick.
I can't give you all over the world, as much as sometimes I want.
It's a pity. Because we live in the time of envy.
We live in cells.
I mean, we're good citizens of social media, where the currency is the environment? Right?
The novels show us the room? I'm not sure.
So we're going to do what characters always do when they're not sure, when they're in front of a mystery.
Let's go to Batherian Street and ask for Shereo Hollywood.
When people think about Hollywood, they think about the master in the Mortanies Professor, that criminal genius.
But I always preferred the inspiration. Lessens, the head of rat of Social Arabic Rat that needs Hollywood desperately, needs the Hungard genius -- but it bothers him.
Oh, it sounds so familiar.
Lesterland needs his help, but he respected it, and he bubble with bitter in each of the mysteries.
But as they work together, something starts to change, and finally in "The Singer of Six Nastitions" -- once Hollywood walks in, he blows all of them with his solution, the Lesterland comes back to Hollywoods and says, "We're not cells, Mr. Hollywood.
We're proud of you."
And he tells him that there is no person in Scott Arabia who would not want to shake his hand.
It's one of the times that we see Hollywood translated in history. I find this very emotional -- that scene is also mysterious, right?
It seems to treat the cells as a geometry, no emotion.
You know, in a minute Hollywood is the opposite side of Lesterland.
The next minute they're on the same side.
All of a sudden, Leibox allows you to admire that idea of being the present.
Could it still be so simple.
What if the cells are really a geometry, just a question of where we allow ourselves to be relative to the other?
Well, maybe we don't have to get rid of the greatness of the other.
We can align with it.
But I like contact plans.
So as we wait for that happen, we remember that we have the fiction for us.
Only the fiction.
The fiction is only the domestic -- you invite them to the table.
And look at what graphics. Lessens Lesterland, the terrifying Tom Rick, the Sweden Lock March Project.
We're in excellent company.
Thank you.
We used to solve big problems.
On July 21, 1969, Buzz Aldrin jumped out of the Apollo 11 of Apollo 11 and went on on the Marine Sea.
Armstrong and Alexander were alone, but his presence in the gray surface surface was the culmination of a conventional collective process.
The Apollo program was the biggest movement in peace time in the U.S. history.
The NASA spent about 180 billion dollars of today, or four percent of the federal budget.
The Apollo gave about 400,000 people and asked the collaboration of 20,000 companies, universities and government agencies.
They died people, including the Apollo one.
But before the Apollo Force program, 24 men traveled to the moon.
Doctors walked on his surface, which Albert after the death of the Arab is the last year, is now the oldest one.
So why did they go?
They didn't bring up a lot of turn. 36 pounds of old rocks -- and something that 24 percent of them will emphasize later, a new sense of the small and the fragility of our common home.
Why were they? The cynical answer is that they were because President Kennedy wanted to demonstrate the Soviets that this nation had better rockets.
But the words of Kennedy at the University of Rice in 1962 gives us a better idea.
John F. Kennedy -- some questions, why is the Moon World?"
Why do we turn it into our goals?
And you might also ask, why do you scale the highest mountain to scale.
35 years ago, why will I fly about the Atlantic?
Why do you play Ricard against Texas.
We chose to go to the moon.
We chose to go to the moon.
We chose to go to the moon in this decade, and do other things, not because they're simple, but because they're difficult.
Jason Potter. For the contemporary -- the Apollo was not just a victory of the West on the east in the Cold War.
At the time, the strongest emotion was that we would be surprised to the transcendence, of the power of technology.
They were because it was a great thing to do it.
The Moon landing happened in a context of a long list of technological tricks.
The first half of the 20th century produced the line of assembly and airplane, penicillin and vaccine for tuberculosis.
In the middle of the century, they eradicated the polling and eliminated the smallpox.
Technology seemed to be able to put what Alvin Topograd in 1970 called an acceleration force.
For most of the history of humanity, we couldn't go faster than a horse or a sailing boat -- but in 1969, the Apollo 10 flew at 40,000 miles / hour.
Since 1970, no human being has gone back to the moon.
No one has gone faster than the Apollo 10, and the optimistic joy about the power of technology has been evaporated by seeing the problems that we imagine that technology will solve as to go to Mars, create clean energy, cure cancer, or to feed the world population seems to be intractable outcomes.
I remember seeing the speech of the Apollo 17.
I was five years old, and my mother told me that he doesn't look at the escape.
I knew that this would be the last mission morning, but I was completely sure that I would get to see the colonies on Mars.
So that of something happened to our ability to solve problems with technology, has become a common place.
We heard it all the time.
We've heard it for the last two days here, at TED.
It looks like the technologists had distracted us and had been enriched with trivial toys, things like iPhone, applications and social networks, or algorithms that speed up the automated sale.
There's nothing wrong with most of these things.
They have expanded and enriched our lives.
But they don't solve the big problems of humanity.
What happened?
There's a particular explanation in Silicon Valley, who confessed that they have created less ambitious companies than those of the years that the Internet was funded in, Microsoft, Apple and Genetics.
Silicon Valley says that markets are the guilty, in concrete, the incentives that the risk capitalists offer to the entrepreneurs.
Silicon Valley says that the risk of risk causes the creation of transformative ideas for the funding of incremental problems or even false problems.
But I don't think this explanation is good enough.
It explains mostly what is wrong in Silicon Valley.
Even when the risk capitalists were at their logical point without worrying about the risk, they prefer small investments -- mixed investments that they could go out in 10 years.
The CD has always had problems to invest with benefits in technologies as energy, which need a huge capital and whose development is long-term -- they've never invested in developing technologies that are destined to solve big problems because they don't have an immediate commercial value.
No, the reasons why we can't solve the big problems are more complicated and deep.
Sometimes we choose to not solve the big problems.
We could go to Mars if we wanted to.
NASA has even designed a plan.
But going to Mars would require a political decision that was popular and that will never happen.
We won't go to Mars because everybody thinks that there are more important things to do on Earth.
Sometimes, we can't solve the big problems because political systems fail.
Less than two percent of global energy consumption comes from renewable energy sources like solar and wind and biomass. Less than two percent, and the reason is completely cheap.
Carbon and natural gas are cheaper than solar and wind, and oil is cheaper than biotechnology.
We want alternative energy sources that can compete in price. They don't exist.
Now, technologists, entrepreneurs and economists agree about what policies and international treaties will incentivize the development of an alternative energy, mostly a significant increase in research and energy development, and some kind of control of the price of coal.
But there is no hope in the current political climate that we will see an energy policy in the United States or international treaties that reflect that consensus.
Sometimes, the big problems that look like technology, it turns out not to be.
We know from the time that females are result of failure in the food stream.
But 30 years of research have taught us that famines are political crisis that affect food distribution.
Technology can improve things like costs or systems for storage and food report, but there will be famine while there were bad governments.
Finally, the big problems sometimes make a solution because we don't understand the problem really.
President Nixon will declared the war to cancer in 1979, but soon we found that there are many kinds of cancer, some often resistant resistance to treatment, and only in the last 10 years, they seem to have found effective and viable treatments.
The hard problems are difficult.
It's not true that we couldn't solve problems with technology.
We can and we should, but these four elements have to be present -- the political leaders and the population must want to solve the problem, the institutions must support the solution, it must actually be a technological problem, and we need to understand it.
The Apollo mission that has become something like a metaphor for the ability of technology to solve big problems, and it is true with those criteria.
But it's a prototype model in the future.
We're not in 1961.
There is no gasoline competition like in the Cold War, there is no policy like John Kennedy who heroin the hard and the dangerous thing, and there is no popular mythology of science fiction like exploring the solar system.
In general, going to the moon turned out to be simple.
I was just three days.
And it really wasn't even solving any problem.
We're alone in our present, and the solutions of the future will be harder to get.
God knows that we don't get the challenges missing.
Thank you very much.
Now, I'm going to talk about trust, and I'm going to start by reminding you the widespread ideas that you have about trust.
They're so common that they have become a cliche of our society.
I think they're three.
The first one is a record, there's been a huge decline of trust, it's a very pervasive belief.
The second is a goal, we should have more trust.
And the third is one task, we should recover trust.
I think the record, the goal and the task have been wrong.
What I'm going to try to tell you today is a different story about a record, a goal and a task, which I think gives a more clear idea about the subject.
First of all, why do people think that trust is disappear?
And if I think about the basis of my own evidence, I don't know the answer.
I encourage myself to think that there may be diminished in some activities or institutions, and that could have embedded in others.
I don't have it.
But I can resort to opinion polls and opinion polls are supposedly the source of belief that trust has decreased.
When you look at opinion polls over time, there are no many evidence of it.
I mean, the people who were described 20 years ago, mostly journalists and politicians, continue to inspire the same despair.
And the people who were very reliable about 20 years ago remain quite confident, judges, nurses, nurses.
The rest of us are in the middle, and by the way, the average citizen of the street is almost exactly half a half.
But is this evidence enough?
What the opinion polls are recorded are, of course, opinions.
What else can you record?
What you see is the generic attitudes that people manifest when they ask some questions.
Do you trust the politicians, trust the teachers?
Now, if someone would ask you, "Do you trust the grades?
Do you trust the fishing ones?
Do you trust the teachers in primate teachers?
You probably start to ask, "What do you do what?"
And that would be a very sensible answer.
And you could say, when you've answered your question, "Well, I trust some, but in other not."
What's very rational.
Ultimately, in real life, we tend to detect trust differently.
We don't assume that the level of trust that we're going to feel because of a certain kind of office, it works or kind of person, it's going to be uniform in all cases.
I could, for example, to say I rely on a certain piece of elementary that I know to give you the kind of reading, but in any way to drive the school microbes.
After all, I could know that it wasn't a good driver.
I could trust my friend more ready to keep a conversation, but no, maybe to keep a secret.
Simple.
And if we've got those evidence in our everyday lives in the way that trust is different, why do we leave all that knowledge when we think about trust in more abstract way?
I think the surveys are very bad tools to measure the true level of real trust, because they try to make good judgment to the fact of trust something or somebody.
Secondly, what about the goal?
The goal is to have more trust.
Frankly, I think it's a stupid goal.
It's not the goal that I would see.
I would be able to have more confidence on what is demonstrated of trust, but not what it is.
Ultimately, I'm a paradigm of not trust what is not reliable.
And I think that those people who were dependent on their savings with the very busy named Mr. Madania, who then disappeared with them, I think about them, and I think, well, yes, they were too confident.
Having more confidence is not an intelligent goal in this life.
So it's depressed or blind with intelligence, that's the right target.
Once you say it, it says, yes, it's worth -- it means that what matters first is not trust but trustworthiness.
What it's about is making a judgment about how trustworthy people are in certain ways.
And I think that in order to make a trial, we're forced to focus on three things.
Are they component? Are they honest? Are they responsible?
And if you find that a person is competitive in permanent materials, and it's responsible and honest, then we'll have a very good reason to trust it, because it's going to be worthy of trust.
But if, in contrast, they're not responsible -- we couldn't trust them.
I have friends who are competitive and honest, but it wouldn't trust them to take a letter to the mail because they're supportive.
I have friends who are very sure that they can do certain things, but I see that they overestimate their own competition.
And I'm very happy to say that I think I don't have a lot of friends who are competitive and responsible but extremely disaster.
If this is, I still haven't caught me.
But that's what we're looking for, trustworthiness.
trust is the answer.
Consciousness is what we need to judge.
And of course, it's hard.
Over the last few decades, we've tried to build accountability systems for all kinds of institutions, professionals, officials and others, that would make us easier the task to judge their trustworthiness.
Many of those systems have had the opposite effect.
They don't work as they should.
I remember once I was talking to a piece and he said, "Well, you'll see, the problem is that it takes more time to make the administrative paper that will keep the part on it."
And we found the same problem in all of our public lives, and institutional that the accountability system that is destined to guarantee the trustworthiness. And the trustworthiness. It's actually doing the opposite.
What they do is we have the work of the people who have to do hard tasks, like the parts of them to make the cards, as we say.
I sure you all know similar examples.
All of that, for the target.
I think the goal should be more confident, and that things would be different if we try to be worthy of trust, and we will transfer to the people that we are reliable and if we try to determine whether other people, officials or politicians are worthy of trust.
It's not easy. It's the trial, the simple actions, the attitudes, what it doesn't do properly.
Third, the task.
To call the task rebuild trust, it puts things into the reverse.
It suggests that you and I should rebuild trust.
Well, we can do it with ourselves.
We can reconstruct the trustworthiness.
We can do it if they're two people, together, trying to improve trust.
But trust -- in definition, is different because we have other people.
You can't rebuild what other people have given you.
You have to give them the enough foundation so they can trust you.
You have to be worthy of trust.
And that is, of course, because you can't discover, usually to all people, all the time.
But you also have to deal with heroic evidence that you're worthy of trust.
How do we do that?
That is done every day, everywhere, the common people, the officials -- the institutions, very effectively.
I'll give you a simple commercial example.
The store where I buy my ratings says I can give them back with no explanation.
I take them and give me the money, or they change them for the color that I want.
That's great. Congress in them because they became vulnerable to me.
I think there's a big lesson in that.
If you become vulnerable to the other side, that's a very good proof that you're worthy of trust and trust in what you're saying.
So at the end, I think that what we're paying is not really hard to discuss.
What people trust is in relationships, and in that framework, they can determine when and how the other person is worthy of trust.
Thank you.
From the beginning of computers we have been striving to reduce separation between us and digital information, the separation between our material world and the world of the screen where the imagination can be depresented.
This separation has been reduced, increasingly and more, to such a point that today is less than one millimeter, the glass of the technology of a tactile screen, and the power of computing has become accessible to everyone.
But I ask myself, and if there were no broken?
I started imagining how it would be.
First of all, I created this tool that goes into digital space, so that when the strong squeeze against the screen transfers its physical body to the pixels of it.
Designers can map their ideas directly in 3D, and surgeons can practice with virtual organs under the screen.
So with this tool they break down the barriers.
But the two hands remain still outside the screen.
How do you get to the inside and interact with digital information using all the dexterity of your hands?
In the division of Apple Science Apple in Microsoft, along with my head Catholic Both, he took the computer and transformed a small space on the keyboard in a digital area of work.
By combining a transparent bombsight with deep cameras to detect the fingers and the face, you can now raise the hands of the keyboard, get inside of the 3D space, and grab pinks directly with hands.
Like windows and archives have a location in real space, selecting them is as easy as to grab a book from a shelf.
You can take the book and raise lines or words with the virtual tactile sensor that's down every floating screen.
architects can stretch or rotate their nets directly with hands.
In these examples, we entered the digital world.
What if we invest the papers and make digital information to us?
Sure, many of us have bought and turn things through the Internet.
Now that doesn't have to worry about it.
What I have here is a virtual project on the Internet.
This is the vision that you get from a device mounted in your head or transportation when the system understands the geometry of your body.
If we take this idea further, I thought, instead of just seeing pixels in space, how can we make them physical so we can touch them and feel them?
How would a future look like this?
At the MIT Media Lab with my tutor Hiroshi Schrispan and my collaborator Remember Poet, we created this only physical pig.
This spherical electromagnet is behaving as a 3D pixel in space, which means that both the computer as users can move the object anywhere within this small three-dimensional space.
Similarity, what we did was we put gravity and control the movement through a combination of magnetic levitation and mechanical and detection action.
And by programming the object, we release it from the constraints of time and space, which means that human movements can record and go back to reproduce and stay forever in the physical world.
You can teach correspondents physically and distance, and the famous name of Michael Jordan can be replicated as a physical reality the times we want.
Students can use it as a tool to understand complicated concepts like the movement of planets, the physics, and unlike the monitoring or the textbooks -- this is a real and palpable experience you can touch and feel. It's very powerful.
But what's more fascinating than changing the physical part of the computer is to imagine how to program the world is going to change our everyday physical activities.
As you see, digital information is not only going to show us something but begin to act directly about us as part of the physical world around us as part of the physical world around us that we have to get rid of our world.
So we started the talk today talking about a barrier, but if we suppress that barrier, the only limit that remains our imagination.
Thank you.
I was trained to become a shark for two years in Huntington, China, in the '70s.
When I was in first grade, the government wanted to be transferred to a school for athletes with all the pay spending.
But my mother tiger said, "No."
My parents wanted me to become engineering, like them.
After survival the Cultural Revolution, they create firmly that there was just a close path towards happiness, a safe work and remarkable.
No matter whether the work would like or not.
But my dream was to be a Chinese opera singers.
This was me, in my imaginary piano.
A opera singer must start training from very young to learn the architects, so I tried everything I could to go to opera school.
I even wrote to the director of school and the presentation of a radio show.
But no adults would thank the idea.
No adults took me seriously.
My friends supported me, but they were kids, without authority, like me.
So at the age of 15 years, I knew it was too much bigger to train.
My dream would never be done.
I feared that during the rest of my life a second class happiness was the only thing that I could aspire for.
And this was so unfair.
So I solved to look for another vocabulary.
No one around me wanted to teach me? OK.
They went back to the books.
"One computer "Woods Come Come Coast Charter Charters." They came to the United States in 1995, and what were the first books that I read here?
Those who were forbidden in China, of course.
"The Good Earth is the Chinese champion.
And it's not convenient property. I understand.
The Bible is interesting, but weird.
That's a topic for another day.
But the fifth commandment for me was a revelation. Help your father and your mother."
Hong said, "It's so different, and much better than offering."
So it became my tool to come out of this confident bully and to reinvent the relationship with my parents.
The encounter with a new culture also gave place to my computer reading habit.
I have a lot of perspectives.
For example, at the beginning this map seemed to me because this is what the students in China learn for.
It had never occurred to me, that China didn't have to be in the center of the world.
A map involves people's perspective.
comparative reading is not new.
It's a common practice in the academic world.
There are to research camps as comparable religion and comparable religion.
Compare and contrast, offers the academics a deeper understanding of a subject.
And I thought that if comparative reading worked to research, why not do it as well in everyday life?
So I started reading books.
You can deal with people from Bell Starsufacity, from Walter McLutical John Ashameters, from David McGowan who were involved in a same thing, or friends with shared experiences.
For the crisis, the temptation is economic, politics and spiritual.
By the Buddha, they're all psychological -- suburban, fear and social duty -- interesting.
If you know another language, it's also fun to read your favorite books in two languages.
Chair California Tung Threes Mero March March Battle Battle Also Battle Alto and I found that you can win a lot of it.
For example, it's through the translation. I realized that "particular in Chinese literally means "Grand "Gaps" -- Jay" literally means.
And "Giral in Chinese, literally means new mother."
The books opened me a magic door to connect with people in the past and the present.
I know that I'm not going to feel alone or impossible ever.
Having a destroyed dream really is nothing compared to what many others have suffered with.
I have come to believe that reality is not the only purpose of a dream.
Their most important purpose is to connect to the place that dreams come from, where the passion comes from, where happiness comes from.
Until a destroyed dream can do that for you.
And it's because of the books, I am here, happy, living again with purpose and clarity, most of the time.
So the books always get them.
Thank you.
Thank you.  Thank you.
When I was in my 20s, I saw my first psychology client.
I was a medical student in clinical psychology in Berkeley.
She was a 26 year-old woman called Alexander.
Alex went into the first session using cowboy and a hot store, started on the couch of my office took off the shoes and told me I wanted to talk about his problems with men.
When I heard this, I felt so alternative.
My classmates had a piano as a first client.
And I got a version that I wanted to talk about men.
I thought I could handle it.
But I didn't.
With the Chinese stories that Alex brought to the sessions, it made me easy just to move the head while we were taking the solution.
"The tribes are the new ventures, it said Alex, and so I saw, she was right.
You start working later, you get married after it, you have children after the death later.
By versions like Alex and I had time of about it.
But shortly after, my supernova prepared me to press Alex to talk about his loving life.
I was reserved.
I said, "Of course, it's coming out with guys under your category, you have a hollow head -- but it's not as if you were to marry him."
And so my supermarket said, "I still don't, but maybe it's married with the next one.
Also, the best time to work on the marriage of Alex is before it is home."
This is what psychologists call a "Author moment.
It was when I realized that the 1930s are not the new ones.
Yes, people feel head after what they got used to, but this didn't make the 20th of Alex were a pause in their development.
This made the London Sea the perfect moment, and we were wasting it.
So I realized that this kind of benign negotiation was a real problem and had real consequences, not only for Alex and his loving life, but for the careers, the families and the future of version everywhere.
There are 50 million vegetables in the United States, today.
This means 15 percent of the population, or 100 percent if you consider no one to get to the adult without passing before the two.
Raise your hand if you're in your 2007.
I want to see the vibrations here.
Oh, yeah! They're amazing.
If you work with the vehicles, you love a very, you remove a version, I want to see. It's okay. Incredible, the vegetables really matter.
This is not just my opinion. These are the facts.
We know that 80 percent of the key moments in life will happen at 35 years.
This means eight of every 10 decisions and experiences and moments and moments that give her life will have gone through when they have 30 and so on.
People from over 40, they don't fit in panic.
This audience is going to be good, I think.
We know that the first 10 years of a race have an exponential impact about how much money they will gain.
We know that more than half Americans are married, they live or they are coming out with their future future at 30 years.
We know that the brain ends up its second and last stage of growth in its 20s, and it stands for the adult, which means that if there's something that they want to change themselves, now it's time to change it.
We know that personality changes more times during their 20s than at any time in life and we know that female fertility comes to their nose at 28, and things become complicated at 30.
The 20th is the moment to educate about their body and their options.
When we think about the development of the child, we all know that the first five years are crucial for language and attachment in the brain.
It's a moment in which their daily and common life has an impact on the person that will become the person.
But what we don't hear often is that there's something called adult development and our 20s are a critical moment in adult development.
But this is not what the airports are listening.
The newspapers talk about changes on the line of the adult time.
Researchers call the 20s an extended adolescence.
So journalists have taken ridiculous names to the vertical tests like "Though "The Twitter and "bills."
It's true.
As a culture, we've considered a transition that is actually the decade that defines adulthood.
Leonardo Berlin said that to achieve big things, you need a plan and not enough time.
Isn't it true?
What do you think happens when you give you a painting in your head and say, "Do you have another 10 years to start your life?
Nothing happens.
They stole that person the sense of urgency and his ambition and it doesn't happen absolutely anything.
And then every day, smart vehicles, interesting like you or your children and children come to my office and say something like this: "I know my girlfriend is not good for me, but this relationship doesn't matter. I'm just killing time."
Or they say, "You all say that while you start a race before the 30, everything will be right."
But then it starts to sound something like this: "My 20s are going to end and I still have nothing to show you.
I had better culture the day I graduated from the university.
And then it starts sound like this: "My dates during the 20th were like the chairs.
They all run and fun, but then at some point around 30, the music was left and they all started to sit down.
I didn't want to be the only one who would stay standing, so sometimes I think I married my husband because he was the nearest chair when he was 30."
Where are the vibrations here?
Don't do that.
Well, that sounds a little extreme, but they're not wrong, the risks are very high.
When you leave a lot of things for the 1930s, there's a huge pressure to the tribes and so many of them starting a career, choosing a city, choosing a couple, and having two or three children in a much shorter period of time.
A lot of these things are not compassion, and there are research that starts to show that it's much harder and stressful to do everything from once at 30.
The middle age crisis is not about buying red sports cars.
It's about realizing that you can't have the career you want now.
Realizing you can't have the son you want now, or you can't give you a brother to your son.
Many tribes and foundations look at themselves, and to me, sitting in the room, and they talk about their 20th, "What was he doing? What was he thinking?"
I want to change what the airports are doing and thinking.
Here's a story of how it might be.
It's a story about a woman called Emma.
At 25, Emma came to my office because he was, in his own words, having a crisis of identity.
He said he would like to work in art or in entertainment, but I couldn't yet decide, so I spent the last few years working as a show.
As it was cheaper, I lived with a boyfriend who showed more temperature than ambition.
And despite living a few very difficult ones, their previous life had been even harder.
He cried often in our sessions, but then she got up herself by saying, "You don't choose your family, but you can choose your friends."
Well, one day Emma came up his head on his legs and cried for almost every hour.
He had just bought a new book freedom, and he had spent all the morning walking with his many contacts -- but then he was looking at the empty space that follows after the words "I think of the word "In the case of emergency, please.
I was at the point of the story when he saw me and said, "Who's going to be for me if I have a car accident?
Who is going to take care of my cancer?
At that point, I got a lot of work to resist and I won't say, "Me."
What Emma needed was not a strategy that really was worried.
Emma needed a better life, and I knew this was his opportunity.
I had learned a lot since I worked with Alex as to just sit as the famous decade of Emma was going on.
So, for the next few weeks and months, I told Emma three things that all version, man or woman, deserves to know.
First of all, I said to Emma that he would forget about that identity crisis and got identity capital.
For the identity of identity, I mean doing something that adds value to his person.
Doing something that's an investment in what they want to be after.
I didn't know the future of email, and nobody knows the future of the job, but I know this: identity of identity generates identity capital.
So now it's time for that work on the other side of the country, of that interest, of that company that you want to test.
I'm not taking the exploration of version, I'm discovering the exploration that I shouldn't tell you, which, by the way, it's not exploration.
It's processor.
I said to Emma that would explore jobs and make them tell them.
Second, I told Emma that urban tribes are shocked.
The best friends are excellent to take you to the airport, but the vibrations that join with friends with similar minds are limited in terms of who they know about, what they know about, how they talk, how they talk, and where they work.
That new piece of capital, that new person who is going to go out almost always comes out of its closest circle.
The new things come from what they're called the weak friends of friends of their friends.
Yes, half of the vehicles have a bad job or they don't have work.
But the other half no, and the weak links are the way to bring this group together.
Half of the jobs created never become published, so knowing the head of your neighbor is the way you get a non-very job.
It's not cheating. It's the science of how information happens.
Finally, but not least, Emma believed that you don't choose your family, but I know your friends.
This was true when I was growing up, but as I was growing up, Emma soon choose his family -- when he has a partner and his own family.
I told Emma that the time to choose his family had arrived.
Maybe you think that 30 is better age to sit down than 20 or even 25 and I agree with you.
But to choose the person that you live right now or show you now when everybody in Facebook starts walking towards the high is not progress.
The best time to work in your marriage is before you have it, and that involves being so intentional in love as you're at work.
Choosing your family must be a conscious choice of who and what you want instead of just making it work or killing time with whatever you do to you.
So what happened to Emma?
Well, we looked at that director and she found the roommate of a cousin that was working on a museum of art in another state.
This weak link helped him get a job there.
That work of work gave him a reason to leave the boyfriend that he lived with.
Now, five years later, it's a special set of events in museums.
This married with a man who chose consciously choice.
I love his new career, love his new family, and she sent me a letter who said, "Now the emergency contact spaces are not big enough.
The story of Emma may sound easy, but that's what I love to work with versions.
It's very easy to help them.
The vibrations are like airplanes that come out of the Los Angeles airport that go somewhere in the West.
Just before the leg, a slight air in its trajectory makes the difference between landing in Alaska or in Finance.
In the same way, at the age of 21 or at 25 and even the 29, a good conversation, a good descendant, a good TED Talk can have huge effects in the next years, or even in the next generation.
This is my idea of spreading all the vegetables you know.
It's as simple as what I learned to tell Alex.
It's what I now have the privilege of telling readers like Emma every day -- the tribes are not the new ones, they get their adult, they get identity capital, they use their weak bloods, they choose your family.
They don't let them define what they didn't know or what they didn't do.
They're deciding their life today.
Thank you.
When I was 27 years old, I left a very demanding job in genetic consulting for a job that was even more excellent, the doctor.
I went to teach them mathematics to such high degrees in public schools in New York City.
And as any teacher, I applied tests and testing.
I give them tasks.
When the work came back, I calculated the grades.
What called me the attention was that the CEO was not the only difference between my best and my worst students.
Some of the ones that had a better performance did not have C.
Some of my smartest kids weren't going so well.
And that got me thinking.
The kind of thing you need to learn in mathematics in successful graduate, sure, are difficult, proportions, decisions, the area of a paradigm.
But these concepts are not impossible and I was very convinced that each of my students could learn the lesson if they worked hard, and during enough time.
After several years more than a dozen years, I came to the conclusion that what we need in education is a better understanding of students and learning from a modern perspective, from a psychological perspective.
In education, the only thing we know how to measure in a better way.
But what if being successful in school and life depends on much more than the ability to learn in a fast and easy way?
So I left the classrooms, and I went to college to become a psychologist.
I started studying kids and adults in all sorts of challenging scenarios, and in every study my question was, who is successful here and why?
My research team and I went to the military West Action.
We tried to predict what cars were going to stay in military training and who return to them.
We went to the National Concept of Delhi and we tried to predict what children will move the farthest possible in competition.
We study novel teachers working in really hard neighborhoods, wondering what teachers are still teaching for the end of the school year and those of them, who will be the most effective to improve the results of the learning of their students.
We teamed up with private companies, asking us, which of these marketers are going to keep their job below?
And who is going to make more money?
In all of those very different context, it came up with a feature as a major predict of success.
And it wasn't social intelligence.
It wasn't the good appearance, the physical health, and it wasn't the CEO.
It was determination.
Determination is passion and perseverance.
Definition is to have resistance.
The determination is to focus on their future, day after day, not just for the week, not just for the month, but for years and working really hard to make that future a reality.
Deffising is to live life as if it was a marathon, not a race at all speed.
A few years ago, I started studying the determination in the public schools of Chicago.
I asked thousands of high school students to do my determination questionnaires and then wait around over a year to see those who graduated.
It turns out that children with more determination had significantly higher likely to graduate -- even when they were exposed in every character that I could measure, things like family income, the results of standardized tests, even the security they felt when they were in school.
So it's not just in West Point or at the Delhi National Council, which matters the determination -- it's also in school, especially for kids in risk of dropping it.
So for me, the most shocking thing about determination is how little we know, the little thing that knows the science about their development.
Every day, parents and teachers ask me, "How do I develop determination in children?
What do I have to do to teach children a kind of ethical work?
How do I keep them motivated for the long time?
The most honest answer is, I don't know.  What I know is that talent doesn't give them determination.
Our data shows very clearly that there are many talented individuals who simply don't follow with their commitment.
In fact, in our data, the common determination is not related or is even related to the talent measurements.
So far, the best idea I've heard about developing the determination in children is something called growth "mentality."
This is an idea developed at Stanford University by Carol DVC, and it's the belief that the ability to learn is not fixed.
Dr. DVD has shown that when kids read and learn about the brain and how it changes and grows in response to challenge, they're much more likely to think about when they fail, because they don't think that failure is a permanent condition.
So growth mindset is a great idea to develop determination.
But we need more.
And that's where I finish my speech, because that's where we are.
That's the work we have in front of us.
We need to take our best ideas, our strongest intuitions and we need to test them.
We need to measure whether they have been successful and we need to be willing to fail, to empower, to start all the way back with the lessons of learning.
In other words, we need to be determined about making our children more defeated.
Thank you.
Growing up in Taiwan like the daughter of a category, one of my most scary memories is my mother showing the beauty and the shape of the Chinese characters.
Since that moment, I was amazed by this incredible language.
But for an foreign, it seems as implicated as the Great Wall Christmas.
In the last few years, I've been wondering if I can break this wall, so that what it is that you want to understand and appreciate the beauty of this sophisticated language can do it.
I started thinking about how a new and fast method to learn Chinese could be useful.
Since I was five years old, I started learning how to draw each of the strokes in every character in the right sequence.
I learned new characters every day for the next 15 years.
Since we only have five minutes, it's better than we do it in a faster and simple way.
A Chinese academic will understand 20,000 characters.
You just need a thousand to understand basic liberty.
The first 200 will allow you to understand 40 percent of the basic literature, enough to read transit signals, restaurants of restaurants to understand the basic idea of the pages or the newspapers.
Today I'll start with eight to show you how the method works.
Are you ready?
You open your mouth as much as you can even be square.
They get a mouth.
This is a person who's going to give a walk.
Person.
If the fire shape is a person with arms in both sides, as if I was shouting in a fresh way, "Audience: I'm making you up -- this symbol is actually original in the form of call, but I like to believe that it's the other way.
This is a tree.
tree.
This is a mountain.
The sun.
The moon.
The spinal symbol looks like a pair of doors from a song in the old West.
I call these eight characters.
They are building blocks to create many more characters.
One person.
If someone walks back, that's to follow.
As the old one says, two are company, three are crowd.
If one person would get their arms, this person is saying, "It was like this big."
The person inside the mouth, the person is stuck.
It's a prisoner as Jones inside the whale.
A tree is a tree. Two trees together, we have a forest.
Three trees together, we also have the forest.
Put a board under the tree, we have the bones.
Put a mouth on the tree, that's a livestock."  Easy to remember, because a partner tree is pretty identical.
Do you remember the fire?
Two fire together, it makes it very hot.
Three fire together, that's a lot of fire.
Put the fire under the two trees, that is commercial.
For us, the sun is the source of prosperity.
Two soldiers together, president.
Three together, those are backgrounds.
Put the sun and the moon shining together, that's the brilliant.
It also means tomorrow, after one day and one night.
The sun comes out on the horizon. So Monterey.
A door. Put a board inside the door, is the door of the door.
Put a mouth inside the door, ask questions.
Today, played someone at home?
This person is coming out of a door, climbing up, experienced.
On the left, we have a woman.
Two women together, they're discussing them.
Three women together, they have care is adult.
So we've already gone through nearly 30 characters.
By using this method, the first eight radio will allow you to build 32.
The next group of eight characters will build another 32.
So with every little effort, they will be able to learn a couple of hundreds of characters, which is the same thing as a eight year-old Chinese.
So after meeting the characters, we started creating sentences.
For example, the mountain and fire together, we have a mountain of fire. It's a volcano.
We know that Japan is the land of the national sun.
This is a sun placed with the origin because Japan is in China.
So a sun next to the origin we created Japan.
One person behind Japan, what do we have?
A Japanese person.
The character on the left is two mountains.
In the ancient China, that meant examined, because Chinese employers were destroying their political enemies beyond the mountains.
Today, the explanation has become coming out.
A mouth that tells you where to go out is a room.
This is a slide to remind me that I should stop talking and down. Thank you.
What I prefer to be a dad is the movies that I get to see.
I love to share my favorite films with my children, when my daughter was four years old, we saw Olympic Obama together.
The movie mastered its imagination for months.
His favorite character was Glass, of course.
He gave him a good excuse to use a brilliant dress and take a magic variation.
But when you see that film so many times, you get to understand that it's extraordinary.
We now live and we raised our children in a kind of industrial fantasy show.
However, Ozoma magician was an event in itself.
It didn't start that trend.
The trend really took a quarter years later, and interestingly, another film whose prototypes -- a metal kid and a furry boy rescued a girl who was dressed as a guidewire of the enemy.
Do you know what I'm talking about?  Yeah.
There's a big difference between these two films, there's a couple of great differences between the Obama magician and all the movies that we see today.
One is that there's very little violence in Olympic magic.
The monkeys are pretty aggressive, like the apples.
But I think if the Obama magician was made today, the magician would say, Dorward, you're the Olympic salvation as the teacher predicted it.
You use magic shoes to defeat military computer-generated army computers.
But that's not what happens.
Another unique thing from the Obama magician is that the most heroic characters and wise and even villages are women.
I started noticing this when I made Star Wars to my daughter, a few years later, and the situation was different.
At that time, I also had a son.
It's just three years.
It wasn't invited to the projection, because it was still very small for that.
But it was the second child, and the superconductor level had gone down.  And so he went down in the room and she was impressed as a mom standing with his pathologies behind, and I don't think he would understand what happened, but individually, he absorbed everything.
I wonder what perception.
Would you be value and personal and lost?
Would it have the feeling that Luke is one army to defeat the government?
We compare this with the 1980s magnetic of 1931.
How do you make Doridge Doreak your film.
Doing good migrations with all and being a leader.
It's the kind of world that I want my children to grow up with, OK? And not a world of men who fight, which is where we are.
Why is there so much F capital force, force in the movies for our children, and as little as the yellow walls?
There's a lot of literature about the impact of male violence movies in the girls, and they should read it. It's very good.
I have not read so much about how kids react to this star.
I know for experience that the princess of Leonardo didn't provide the right framework that had served me to navigate the adult world that's mine.  I think at the moment of the first kiss -- I really expected the creatures to begin to appear because it's the end of the film, right?
My search has done, I have a girlfriend.
Why are they still standing there?
I don't know what I should do.
The movies are focused on defeat the village and getting their reward, and they don't leave time for other relationships or other adventure.
It's almost like a child, you have to be a stupid animal, and if you're a girl, you have to use a war suit.
There are lots of exceptions, and it will defend the princess of Disney before any of you.
But they send a message to kids, although they, the boys, are not really their target audience.
They do a phenomenal job when they teach girls how to defend the care, but they don't necessarily show kids how to defend the patriarchy.
There's no model for them.
We also have some great women who write new stories for our children, as real and lovely like Hermada and Katrinas, but they don't stop being films of war.
Of course, the most successful theme of all time continues to be in classic after classical after classical -- each of them about the adventure of a child or a man, or two men who are friends, or a man and his son, or two men who create a girl.
Until many of you are thinking, this year, finally came out.
I recommend all of you. It's already available in stores.
Remember what the critic said when Voice came from?
I can't believe that Pixar has made a movie of a princess of it.
It's very good. Don't let them stop them."
Well, almost none of these movies passes the Beck test.
I don't know if you've heard about this.
It hasn't been roots and already spread, but maybe we will start a movement.
Alice Becket is a comic district, and in the 1980s, I recorded a conversation that had had a friend of mine on the assessment of the movies that they saw.
And it's very simple. There are only three questions you need to do -- in the movie, there is more than a female character that has lines?
So, you have to fulfill the requirement.
These women talk to each other at some point in the movie?
Their conversations are about something more than the kid than they like?  Okay? Thank you.  Thank you very much.
Two women who exist and talk about things each other.
It happens. I've seen it, and yet very rarely I see it in the movie we know and love.
In fact, this week, I went to see a very good quality film, Ocean.
Right? Rumors of Ocogo, tape success -- a consensus idea of what is a quality of quality.
Virtually not the test of Beckett.
And I don't think it should, because a lot of the film, I don't know if you've seen it, a lot of the movie happens in an embassy where men and women are hiding during the restrooms of the retinations.
We have many scenes of men who have deep and painful conversations in this hide, and it's the great moment for one of the assets to take a look at the door and say, come to bed bed, card?
This is Hollywood.
So let's look at the numbers.
In 2011, from the 100 most popular films, how many of them think they have female prototypes?
Not bad.
It's not the same percentage that the number of women we've chosen recently for Congress, so it's okay.
But there's a bigger number that this is going to be disappointed this room.
Last year, The New York Times published a study that the government had done.
This is what he said.
In the United States, one in five women says it's been sexually assaulted once in their life.
I don't think it's the guilt of mass entertainment.
I don't think the movies for children have something to do with that.
I don't think music videos or pornography videos are closely linked to it, but something wrong with it, and when I hear that statistic -- one of the things I think is there are a lot of sexual adverses.
Who are those guys? What are you learning for?
What don't you get to learn about?
Are you applying the story that says that the role of a male hero is to defeat the link with violence and then build the reward, which is a woman who has no friends and doesn't talk about?
Are we adding that story?
You know, as a father with the privilege of raising a daughter like those of you who are doing the same thing, we found this world and this very alarming statistic and we want to prepare them.
We have tools to our willingness as a power production, and we hope that it helps help, but I have to ask you if you're going to protect yourself if at the same time, active or passionate, are we educating our children to keep your male power?
I mean, I think the list of Netflix is a way to do something really important, and here I mean primarily to parents.
I think we have to show our children a new definition of shoulder.
The definition of muscle is radically changing.
You have read about how the new economy is changing the role that you care about from the home and the algorithm.
Everything is changing.
When I asked my daughter, what was his favorite character of "Star Wars -- know what he responded to?
Obamana.
Obama Kenya and Glang.
What are these two?
Maybe it's not just the bright dress.
I think they're experts.
I think these are the two people in those films that know more than anyone, and they love to share their knowledge with other people to help them achieve their potential.
They're leaders.
I like that kind of stories for my daughter, and I like that kind of story for my son.
I want more stories like that.
I want less stories where I say to my son, see and struggle only and more stories where you see that their work is to join a team, maybe a team leading by women, helping other people improve and become better people, like the Obama magician.
Thank you.
As a child, I lived in Maine, and one of the things I was most like was to look for sea cookies on the shores of Maine because my parents told me that that would give me luck.
But you know, it's hard to find these cool.
They're covered with sand and it's hard to see them.
However, over time, I used to look at them.
I started seeing shapes and patterns that helped me collect them.
This became a passion for finding things, in a love by the past and the architecture.
And finally when I started studying effort, I realized that I would see with my own eyes wasn't enough.
Because suddenly, in Egypt, my little beach in Maine had grown up to one of almost 300 miles along the Nikla.
And my sea cookies had grown to the size of cities.
This is really what led me to use satellite images.
To try and make a map of the past, I knew I had to see another way.
So I want to show you an example of how different we see by using infrared infrared.
This is a place in the eastern Delta Delta called Benjamin.
And the place to view, it seems to be brown brown, but when we use the infrared and we process it by using false color, suddenly the place looks like bright rose.
What you're seeing is the actual chemical changes of the landscape caused by the building materials and the activities of the ancient Egyptians and the activities of the ancient Egyptians and the activities of the ancient Egyptians and the activities of the ancient Egyptians and the activities of the ancient Egyptians and the activities of the ancient Egyptians and the activities of the ancient Egyptians and the activities of the
I want to share with you how we have used satellite data to find an ancient Egyptian city, called Italian, lost for thousands of years.
The international was the capital of the ancient Egypt for over 400 years in a period of time called the Middle Empire about 4,000 years ago.
The place is located in the Facebook, Egypt, and it's really important because in the Middle Empire, there was this great renaissance of the ancient Egyptian art, architecture and religion.
Egoses have always known that I was located somewhere near the pyramids of the two kings that built them into the red circles here, but somewhere within this huge flower plan.
This area is enormous, about six for four kilometers.
First of all, the Nile flow right next to the Italy side and as it changed over time, and it turned into this and covered all the city.
So how do you find a self-assembled city in an extinct landscape?
So trying to find it at random would be the equivalent of looking for a needle in a death, with the eyes sold and using baseball gloves using baseball gloves, using baseball gloves, using baseball gloves, using baseball gloves, using baseball gloves, using baseball gloves, using baseball gloves, using baseball gloves, using baseball gloves, using baseball gloves, using baseball gloves, using baseball gloves, using baseball gloves, using baseball gloves, using
So we use NASA social data to make a map of the place, with very subtle changes.
We were able to see where the Nile flowers.
But you can see more detailed, and it's even more interesting, this slightly elevated area that you see within the circle here, that we thought could be the location of Theat.
So we collaborated with Egyptian scientists doing sample jobs -- you can see it here.
When I say summary, it's like the stores of sample in ice, but instead of layers of climate change, we look for human occupation layers.
Five meters below a thick thick layer we found a dense layer of ceremony of ceramics.
This means that in this possible location of Italian, five meters down, we have a layer of occupation from several hundred years of the Middle Empire, exactly the same period as we think it's Titani.
We also found for fish work, corner, quarter and data, which shows that there was a jewelry workshop there.
This might seem like it's not a lot, but when we think about the most common stones used in the jewelry of the Middle Empire -- these are the stones that were used.
So we have a dense layer of occupation that data from the Middle Empire in this place.
We also have evidence of a elite jewelry workshop that shows that what has been there, was a very important city.
We still don't find Italian in here, but we'll go back to the place in a nearby future to locate it.
And even more importantly, we have the resources to train young Egyptians in the use of satellite technology, so they can also make great discoveries.
I want to end with my favorite quote from the Middle Empire, probably was written in Italian 4,000 years ago.
To share knowledge is most of all vacation.
There's nothing like that on Earth.
So according to it, TED was not founded in 1984 Dr. C.
It makes ideas happen in 1984 to C. in a city lost not for a long time and found from the high.
It certainly puts the pursuit of sharks in perspective.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
I want to invite you to close your eyes.
Imagine standing outside, in front of the house.
I want you to pay attention to the color of the door, to the material that's done.
Now visualize a group of waves in biologists.
They are competing in a soft race of bicycles and they go in direction to their entry door.
I need you to look at this.
They're losing strong, they're supporting -- they are going to be supporting a lot.
And they collide back against the door of their house.
There are bikes flying all over the place, wheels that go on their side, raises of the wheels that end up in absorbed places. They pass the door threshold.
The lobby, to the passenger, or what there is on the other side of the door, and look at the quality of light, the light light on the Galapagos.
You are doing it with your hand.
From his chair, on a brown horse.
It's a horse that talks about.
You can feel your blue film making them slides on the nose.
You can smell the wave of airplane and steps that are about to get into the mouth.
They go on one side and enter their living room.
In the room, and doing maximum use of their imagination, imagine Britney Special.
It's with little clothes, dancing on its center of center, singing "His "Harve One Barby One More Time."
Now please me to the kitchen.
The soil has been coated with a path of yellow brick and from the oven come to you Doridge, the Harry of Harrier, the Sparlian and the Len of Olympic Magazine, staying out of your hands.
Okay. Open your eyes.
I want to tell you about a peculiar contest that takes every spring in New York.
It's called the memory Campaign of the United States."
I went to cover this event a few years ago as a scientific journalist, waiting for me, I suppose, that this was like the end of a wise superconductor.
There were several men and a few different ages of different ages and different hygiene.
They were measuring hundreds of random numbers, looking at them only once.
They memorize the names of dozens and dozens of strangers.
They memorize entire poems in just minutes.
They compete to see who was able to memorize the order of a named barrier.
And I thought, "This is amazing."
These people must be phenomena of nature.
And I started talking to some of the competitors.
This is a man named Ed Cocoput who had come from England, and he has one of the best memories that are better.
I asked him, "When did you realize you were a knowledge?
Ed said, "I'm not a knowledge.
I actually have an average memory.
All of those who participate from this competition says they have normal memory.
"We have trained to do these miraculous acts of memory using an old techniques, invented by 2,500 years ago in Greece, the same techniques that they used Cannon to memorize their speech, and that medieval academics used to memorize entire books.
And my reaction was, "Oh. How do you have heard of this before?
We were standing outside of the competition, and Edward, who is a wonderful and brilliant English and bright English -- he said, "John, you are an American journalist.
Do you know British Spintons?
And I said, "What? No, why?
"Because I would like to teach Britney Special how to memorize order in a living Christmas deck in national television.
That would prove the world that anybody can do it."
And I said, "Well, I'm not Britney Special, but maybe you can teach me.
Or do you have to start for something not?
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey for me.
I ended up spending most of the next year not just training my memory, but also research, trying to understand how it works, why it sometimes doesn't work and what your potential can be.
I met a lot of really interesting people.
This is a man called E.
He's amazing, very probably with the worst memory in the world.
His memory was so bad that he didn't even remember that he had a memory problem, it's awesome.
Someone incredibly tragic, but it was a window that allows us to see how much our memory makes us who we are.
On the other end of the spectrum, I met this man.
This is Kim Peter. In he was based on Doughan Hongs paper in the movie "Rainy Man."
We spent one afternoon together in the public library of Salt Lake City, measuring phone guides. It was central.
And when you come back, I read a number of treaties on writing memory about 2,000 years ago in Latin, in the Antarctica, and then in the Middle Ages.
And I learned a lot of really interesting things.
One of the most interesting things I learned is that there was a time when this idea of having trained memory, disciplined and growing wasn't such a weird thing as it can look like today.
A long time ago, people invested in their memory, in providing their minds.
These techniques have made our modern world, but we've also changed us.
They have changed us, and I would say that they have changed us.
As we already have no need to remember, sometimes it seems like we've forgotten how to do it.
One of the last places on our planet where people are still passionate about this idea of a trained memory, disciplined and growing is this very unique competition of memory.
It's not really so significant, there's competition like this around the world.
I was fascinated. I wanted to know how these people do.
A few years ago, a group of researchers from London College in London invited a group of memory champions to the lab.
They wanted to know: Do you have brains in some way, structural or anatomically different from the rest of us?
The answer was, no.
Are they more intelligent than the rest of it?
They gave them a cognitive test battery, and the answer was actually not.
There was yet a really interesting and significant difference between the brains of memory and the issues of control that they compare them.
When they put them in a magnetic resonance machine, they scan their brains while they memorize numbers, faces and forms of snow -- found that in memory champions were lit from the brain, different than others.
They actually used, or they seemed to use, a part of the brain that involves space memory and navigation.
Why? Is there something that we could learn from this?
The tournament of competitive memory is driven as an armed race where every year comes up with a new way to remember more things, more quickly, and then the rest of the competitors have to get to the day.
This is my friend Ben Prize, three times camping from memory.
In his desk, in front of him, there are 36 bars of shock names that he is about to try to memorize at an hour, using a technique that he invented and just dominated.
He used a similar technique to memorize the precise order of 424 random binary dialogue.
Yes. Yes.
And as there is a lot of ways to remember things in these competitions, absolutely all the techniques used at the end of the end of a single concept that psychologists call electronic copyright.
It illustrates with an exploding elegant known as the Balwain paradox. Big says the following: I tell two people who remember the same word. I tell you to you -- remember there's a man called Balking."
That's his target.
And then I asked them, "Do you remember there's a balloon of it.
And when I go back later, I ask you, "Do you remember that word that I told you a real reason?
"Do you remember what it was?
The person who was told that his name is Baker is unlikely to remember the same word that the person who was told that his job is balanced."
The same word, different capacity. That's weird.
What happens here?
Well, the name Bay doesn't mean anything for you.
With all the other memories that dance for their head.
But the word, "Bayer." We know pandemics.
They use little white shadows.
They have hand in the hands.
They smell well when they come home to work.
We probably know some baker.
And when we did that word for the first time, we started putting angry associations to fishing them at some point.
One of the most elaborate techniques to do this data in the ancient Greece 2000.
It's known as the machine palmarding."
The story says this: There was a poet called Symbels that attending a banker.
They had hired it as a entertainment, because before, if you wanted to give a very good party, it didn't bring to a DP: It was hired to a poet.
He stood up on foot, he raised his memory poem and he was scared, and as soon as he was -- the bank room comes up.
I'm killing everyone.
But not just killed them to everyone, but it destroyed the bodies by leaving them interesting.
Nobody could say who was there, no one could remember where they were sitting there.
So they could not get into the bodies.
A tragedy behind the other.
Simon, standing outside, unique survivor, in the middle of the rubble, closed the eyes and realized that with the eyes of his mind, I could see where I had been sitting every invented.
I took the family families taking them up where their loved beings were in between the rubble.
What Smith was looking at at that moment is something that we all know about more or less intuitively and is that no matter if we're not good at remembering names or phone numbers or instructions word of our colleagues, we have visual memory and excellent space.
If I ask you to tell me the first 10 words of history that I just told you about Simones, it's very likely to be very difficult to do it.
But I would bet that if you ask them to say who was sitting on the horse paint brown in their lobby, they would be able to visualize it.
The idea of the memory of memory is to create this building with the eyes of your mind and put it out of images with the things that you want to remember -- the more crazy decade, funny, fairly strange, statement and statement is the picture, more incomplete to be.
This is a advice that comes from over 2,000 years ago, to the first memory treated in Landa.
And how does it work?
Let's say that you have been invited to the TED stage to give a talk and want to make it memory -- the same way that they would have made it City if they had been invited by TEDx 2,000 years ago.
What you could do is imagine you're in the door of your house.
And it will come up with some kind of absolutely ridiculous, crazy and unexplored image to help them remember that the first thing they want to mention is that completely inspiring competition.
And then you can imagine entering your house, and you can see the Montana of the Galapagos mounted on Mister Ed.
And that would remind you that you want to introduce your friend Ed Coco.
And then you would see Britney Special to remind you that funny anecdote that you want to tell.
And then they would go into the kitchen, and the fourth topic that they would talk to would be that strange journey that they did for an entire year, and they have some friends to help them remember it.
This is how Roman speakers memorize their speech, not word by word, which is going to confuse them, but typical by typical.
In fact, the term "The Tom Test comes from the Greek "The God, which means "gang."
It's a dress of when people thought about the architecture and the rhetoric with this kind of space terms.
The phrase "When the first place would be the first place in its memory hall.
I saw that this was just fascinating, and I got out of full of it.
I went to some of these memory competition, and I had the idea of writing something extensive about this culture of competitive members.
But there was a problem.
The problem was that a memory competition is a publicly boring event.
Seriously, it's like seeing a lot of people sitting by taking tests -- I mean, that the most exciting thing that happens is when someone gets massively massively.
I'm a journalist, and I need to be able to write about something.
I know there are amazing things happening in the minds of these people, but I don't have access to it.
I realized that if I was going to tell this story, I needed to try to put myself in their place.
So I started to spend 15 or 20 minutes every morning, before I sat down to see the New York Times, just trying to remember something.
Maybe a poem, or the names of an ancient school anti-sense bought in a pulse market.
And I discovered that this was surprisingly entertaining.
I'd never expected it to be.
It was entertained, because it wasn't just about training memory.
What is really about doing is to make it better to improve the ability to create and imagine these ridiculous images, comics, provided, inspired and opening and experienced in the eye of the mind.
I was very upset with this.
This is me, using my standard standard training team for memory competition.
It's a pair of ears and a few security glasses leaving just two holes, because the distribution is the worst enemy of a memory competition.
I ended up coming back to the same contest that I had covered a year before I had the idea that it could come in, in a kind of participatory journalistic experiment.
I thought this could be a good amount of effort for all of my research.
The problem was that the experiment came out of control.
And I won the competition, something that didn't have to happen.
Of course it's nice to be able to memorize speech, and phone numbers, and shopping lists -- but this is actually not the point.
These are just tricks.
Because they're based on pretty basic principles about how the brain works.
And you don't need to be able to build paper from memory or memorize barriers of names, to benefit with a little bit of perspective about how your mind works.
We often talk about people with a great memory as if it was about an innate gift but it's not the case.
The big memories are educated.
At the most basic level, we remember when we pay attention.
We remember when we focus deeply.
The memory of memory. These memory techniques are just shortcuts.
In fact, they're not even true.
They work because they make us work.
They force a kind of deep processing -- a kind of complete attention that most of us are not running around there.
But the reality is there are no shortcuts.
That's how things are made memories.
And if there is something that I want to leave you with today is what E, the ambition I couldn't even remember that I had a memory problem, left me to me, which is the notion that life is the sum of our memories.
How much are we willing to lose what is already our short existence being lost in the Blackberry or iPhones, not paying attention to the human being in front of us, who walks on our side, will we be so honest that we don't even bother in processing deep?
I learned from first hand that there are incredible memory capabilities in all of us.
But if you want to live a memorable life, you have to be the kind of person who remember remembering it.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you today about the last 30 years of architecture history.
It's a lot to cover in 18 minutes.
It's a complex topic, so we're going to deal with just a complex place, New Jersey.
Because 30 years ago, I'm from New Jersey, I was six years old, and I lived there at home from my parents in a village called Lives, and this was my child's bedroom.
In the corner, from my bedroom, I was the bathroom that shared with my sister.
And between my bedroom and the bathroom, there was a bullet that gave the room to be.
And there they all passed the time looking at the TV, so every time I went from my room to the bathroom, everybody would look at me. And every time I went back and I wrapped back on a towel. Everybody looks at me.
And I was like this.
It was tortured, insecure and hated it.
I hated that rate, hated that balance, hated that room and that house.
That's architecture.
Listen.
Those feelings, those emotions that I felt, that is the power of architecture, because architecture is not about math, and the architecture is not about mathematics, but of those visual connections, emotional connections, that we feel in the places we occupy in the places.
And it's not that we feel that way, because according to the Environmental Protection Agency -- Americans spend 90 percent of their time under roof.
It is, 90 percent of the time are surrounded by architecture.
That's a lot.
architecture determines us in ways we don't even realize it.
That makes us a little bit naive and very, very predictable.
This means that when I show you a building like this, I know what it emerges you, you think of power, "The "The "The "The "The Democracy."
And I know you think about it for based on a building built 2,500 years ago by the Greeks.
This is a trick.
It's an unfortunate that use architects to create emotional connection to the ways we build our buildings.
It's a predictable emotional connection. We've used this trick for a long time, a long time.
We use it 200 years ago to build banks.
We use it in the 19th century to build art museums.
And in the 20th century in America, we use it to build houses.
Look, these stable, solid, solid soldiers, in front of the elements.
This is very, very useful, because building things is terrifying.
It's expensive, it takes a long time and it's very complicated.
The people who build -- the urbanizations and the governments, they always have fear to innovation, and they prefer to use ways that they know will work.
So we found buildings like this.
It's a nice building.
It's the Library Public Library who ended up in 2004, in my hometown, and you know, has a dome -- it has this red, columns -- red brick -- that let me interview what Licenfrash tries to communicate with this building -- children, ownership values, history.
But it doesn't have a lot to do with a library of today.
That same year, in 2004, on the other side of the country, it ended up another library, which looks like this.
It's in Seattle.
This library shows how we use media in the digital era.
It's a new kind of public equipment for the city, a place to get together, read and share.
So how is it possible that in the same year, in the same country, two buildings, both of them called libraries, are so completely different?
And the answer is that architecture works according to the beginning of power.
On one side there is innovation -- architects that constantly drive new technologies, new types, new solutions for today's forms of life.
We were impossible, we push and we push so much, that we get completely away from people.
All black, this gives us depressed. You think we feel very good, but we're dead inside because we don't have another choice.
We have to go to the other side and connect with those approaches appreciated.
So we do that, and we are all happy, but we feel like transplants. So we start to experiment again, we make the put out of the back and forward, over and over again. So we've done it over the last 300 years, and of course in the last 30 years.
Well, 30 years ago, we came out of the '70s.
architects were busy experimenting with the so-called "bureaucracy bridge.
It has to do with the concrete.
That can be advanced.
Small windows on the scale scale.
Something really hard.
So we got closer to '80s, and we started to incorporate those symbols.
We push the power back in the other direction.
We take those ways that we know and update them.
We add and we add passengers and use new materials.
They love it.
We don't give it.
We take Church business and we turn them into skyscrapers that can be made of medieval matches made of glass.
The shapes were added, they won in audience and color.
The walls became columns were collected.
The people grew up to the size of buildings.
A madness.
But it was the 1980s, that was great.
We all spent the rat in commercial centers, we moved to the neighborhoods, and there in the suburbs, we could create our own architectural fantasy.
Those fantasies could be the media, the French or the Italian.
Maybe with a bread of bread.
This is what happens to pollution.
This is what happens with symbols.
They're easy, they're cheap, because instead of creating new spaces, we do remember memories from other places.
I know very well, and you all know, this is not the Tony.
This is Ohio.
architects are frustrated and we started making surgery the power again in the other direction.
In the '80s and early '90s, we started experimenting with the so-called democracy.
We face the historical symbols. We now count with new consumer design techniques, and we find new composition, a few ways that are crashing against other forms.
This is academic and embarrassment, and it's super entrepreneur. One is completely except.
Usually the self-assembly power again in opposite direction.
But then, something amazing happened.
In 1997, this building.
It's the Guing of Billie, from Frank George.
This building fundamentally changed the relationship of the world with architecture.
Paul Golden said that Bilbao was one of those rare moments when critics and academics and public in general, they were completely according to a building.
The New York Times chose this miracle building.
The tourism in Bilbao increased in a 2,500 percent when they finished the building.
So suddenly, everybody wanted one of those buildings, Los Angeles, Seattle, Chicago, New York, Cleveland, Spring.
Everyone wanted one, and Gehry was everywhere.
He was our first star architect.
But how is it possible that these shapes and wild and radical, how are you possible to become ubiquitous around the world?
And it happened, because media was graduated around them, and we quickly learned that those shapes meant culture and tourism.
We've created an emotional reaction with these forms.
The same thing did the major mayors of the world.
So everybody believed that if they had these forms, they had culture and turbine.
This phenomenon of the beginning of the new millennia happened with other stars.
I went to Zahban and Liberia, and what happened with these few elite architects in the threshold of the new millennium, actually started to go through all the architecture, the digital media began to increase the speed of information consumption.
Think for example, how you consume architecture.
A thousand years ago, they would have to have walked up to the next town to see a building.
The transportation is accelerated, you can take a boat, an airplane, you can be tourist.
The technology. You can see in the newspapers, on the TV, and at the end, we are all photographers of architecture, and the building is transported beyond their physical location.
Architecture is everywhere, that means that the speed of communications finally has reached the speed of architecture.
Because architecture moves so fast.
It doesn't take a long time to think about a building.
It takes a lot of time to build a building, three or four years, and at that time, an architect can design two, eight, or 100 buildings more, before you know whether the one I designed four years ago was a success or not.
Because there's never been good feedback in architecture.
That's how we find buildings like this.
Brutality was not a two years, but 20 years.
For 20 years, we were building buildings like this because we had no idea how much they stopped.
That's never going to happen. I think, because we are in the threshold of the biggest revolution in architecture from the invention of the air, the steel or the elevator.
My theory is that when it applies to the media, it starts to succeed increasingly fast, until it will be in both extremes almost in symmetry, and it effectively unfolds the difference between innovation and symbols between us, the architects, and you -- the public.
We can now make symbols almost instantly, emotional charge of something completely new.
Let me show you how the system works in a project that my company ended up recently.
We were hired to replace this building that was becoming increased.
This is the center of a village called Pineon Island, in the state of New York.
It's a community of vacation.
But that meant two years before the building, it was already part of the community, and because the drawings looked exactly like the finished product, there were no surprise.
The building came to be part of the community. That first summer, when people began to come and share it in social media, the building stopped being a building, it became a media, because these are not just images of a building, it's the images that you made from the building.
And as you use them to tell their story, they become part of the personal narrative, and that makes correction with collective memory, and when we charge these symbols we learn.
I mean, we don't need the Greeks to tell us how to think about architecture.
We can tell each other what we think about architecture, because digital media has not only changed the relationship between us, but have changed the relationship between us and buildings.
Think for a second in those libraries of Livestomaters.
If that building was built today, first we went to the Internet in search for new libraries.
We would be bombarded with examples of experience, of innovation, about what a library can be.
That's monitoring.
Money that can lead to the mayor of Lives, the people of Lives, and tell them that there is no single answer to what a library can be today.
Let's be part of this.
This abundance of solutions gives the freedom to experience.
It's all different now.
Architects are no longer those mysterious creatures that use gradual words and complicated drawings and one is no longer a desperate audience that doesn't accept something that I haven't seen before.
architects can listen, and you don't let the architecture be inspired.
That means that the successful power of one style to another, from one movement to another, is irrelevant.
In fact, we can go ahead and find solutions right to the problems facing society.
This is the end of the history of architecture, and it means that the buildings of tomorrow will be very different to the buildings today.
This means that a public space in the ancient city of Several can be unique and adapt to the measure of a modern city.
This means that a stadium in Brooklyn can be that, a stadium in Brooklyn, and not a bad historical imitation of red brick in ideas of what a stadium should be.
This means that a few robots will be able to build our buildings, because we eventually will be ready for the ways they're going to produce.
That means that buildings are looking at the whims of nature and not the opposite.
This means that a parking garage in Miami Beach, Florida, can also serve to make sports or for algae, or even one can marry there at night.
This means that three architects can dream with swimming at the East River in New York City, and raise half a million dollars of the community united around that cause, no longer a client alone.
It means that no building is too small for innovation, like this little bread of regions, as muscle and fiber like the animals that are going to look at.
Because no longer matter whether it's a cow or a robot who builds our buildings.
It doesn't matter how we built, what matters is what we build.
architects already know how to make buildings more exclusive, smarter and more kind.
We've been waiting for all of you to want them.
Finally, we're not on opposite side.
They find an architect, and they find and work together to make better buildings, better cities, for a better world, because there's a lot of play.
Buildings not only reflect our society, but they give them a shape to the smallest spaces, the local libraries -- the homes where we shape our children, and the floor of the bedroom.
Thank you very much.
This is my niece, Sherweld.
I just turned a year and started walking.
And he does it from that great, typical way of the children in a year too, as if his body was moving too fast for his legs.
It's totally beautiful.
And one of the things that you like to do for the moment is to look at the mirror.
She really loves his reflection.
It goes up and chicken, and it gives itself those big bears and the homework.
It's beautiful.
Apparently, all his friends do this, and my mom tells me that I used to do it, and it made me think, "When stop doing this?
How do we suddenly not like our appearance?
Because apparently, we don't like it.
Every month, 10,000 people look at Google, "Am I faith?
This is Facebook, he's 13 years old and he lives in Dennett.
And as any teenager wants to be dear and fit in.
It's Sunday at night.
It's preparing for the next week in school.
It has a little scary. It's a little bit confused because, even though his mom tells him the whole thing that's beautiful, every day in school, someone says it's ugly.
Among what his mom tells him and what his friends, or colleagues of school tell him, doesn't know who to believe.
So a video of it, I published it in YouTube, and I asked others to please leave a comment -- "Am I nice or am I faith?
Well, so far, Facebook has received more than 13,000 comments.
Some of these are so disabled, that it doesn't even deserve to think about them.
We talk about a healthy and normal and current, which receives these answers on one of the most vulnerable life stages.
Thousands of people are posting videos like this, mostly teenage girls trying to communicate this way.
But what's driving them to do this?
Well, the teenagers today are almost never alone.
They're under the pressure of being online and available all the time, talking, calling me, giving me like, "Tell me, sharing, publishing, this never ends.
Never before we have been so connected, in a continuous way, in a very young way.
As a mother said to me, "It's like there's a party in your room every night.
There is simply no privacy.
And the social pressures that go from the hand with that are implicated.
This environment, to be always connected, is training our kids to advance based on the number of "I like you to have and the kinds of comments that they get.
There's no division between life and real life.
It's really hard to know the differences between what's real or what it isn't.
And also, it's very difficult to know the difference between what is authentic and what's manipulating digitally.
What is the most desperate in somebody's life in front of what is normal in a daily context?
And where are they looking for inspiration?
Well, you can see the kind of images that are cover from the news of the girls now.
Zero models are still dominating our landscape.
The fabric technique is now a routine now.
And trends like, Taliban, Gailock, Biceder and Spring.
For those of you who know it, the prototype means promised.
These trends are associated with women in the popular culture today.
It's not hard to see what young people are.
But kids are not immune to this.
It's like the surface stars of sports and supply singers.
But what's the problem with all this?
Well, we certainly want our children to grow healthy and they're well-conflicted individuals.
But in a culture obsessed by the image, we're teaching our children to spend more time and mental effort to their appearance, to the price of all the other aspects of their identity.
Things like their relationships, the development of their physical skills, their studies and other aspects begin to suffer.
Six out of 10 girls prefer not to do something because they think you don't see good enough.
These are not trivial activities.
They are fundamental activities for their growth as human beings and as contributing to society and the field of labor development.
31 percent, almost one in three teenagers are not interested in class arguments, and they stop participating in the classroom arguments, because they don't want to call attention for their physical appearance.
One in five are not attending classes at all.
And on the season season, if you don't think you see the enough good enough, specifically if you don't believe that you're thin enough, you will get a note less than the average of your peers, who don't care about the appearance.
And this phenomenon has generated in Finland, United States and China.
And it gives you regardless of what you actually weigh these young people.
So for that to be very clear, we're talking about how you see you, not how you really are.
The low self-esteem on your body is delivering academic performance.
And it's also depressing health.
The teenagers with little self-esteem make less physical activity, they eat less fruits and vegetables -- they participate in more harmful diet than they can take them to food disorder.
They have low self-esteem.
They're more easily influenced by the people around them, and they're at higher risk of depression.
And we think that it's all because of what they make more risky decisions, like alcohol and drug consumption, drug diet, aesthetic surgery, sexual relations to early ages and no protection and any collaborative damage.
The pursuit of the perfect body is pushing into the health system, and our government costs billions of dollars every year.
And we're not controlling it.
Women who believe they have a overweight again, regardless of whether they have or they don't have more absence rate.
17 percent of women don't present a job interview in a day where they don't feel safe with the way they look like.
Think for a moment in what this is doing to our economy.
If we could overcome this, what would that happen?
Liberating this potential is about interest for each of us.
But how do we do that?
Well, talking for itself, it doesn't take you very far.
Not enough.
If you really want to change things, you have to do something.
And we've learned that there are three key shapes, the first one is that we have to instill trust in their own body.
We need to help our teens develop strategies to overcome the pressure of perfect images and build their self-esteem.
The good news is that there are lots of programs available to do it.
The bad news is that most of these don't work.
I was very surprised when I learned that a lot of good programs, not realizing it, worse the situation.
So we need to make sure that the program that our children are following our children will not only have a positive impact but also a lasting impact.
And research studies show that the best programs are focused on six key areas, the first one is the influence of family, friends and relationships.
These six aspects are crusiness points for any willing to provide an education in body self-esteem that works.
An education is fundamental but we're going to face this problem requires each of us to take the kidneys in the issue, and we are a better model to follow women and girls in our own lives.
It's challenging the current status of how women are seen and mentioned in our circles.
It's not good to tell you with the contribution of our politicians in the hair cutting or the size of your chest or the size of your chest or the success of an Olympic athlete depends on the fact that it's not a big beauty.
We need to start to judge people by what they are, not as you see.
All of us can start doing it by taking responsibility for the kind of images and comments that we published in our social networks.
We can praise people based on their effort and their actions and not in their appearance.
And let me ask you, when was it the last time a mirror was seen?
In short, we have to work together as communities, as governments and as businesses, to truly change our culture, so that our children grow up valuing all their people, valuing individuality, diversity, evidence.
We have to put people who are actually making the difference in a paper.
For making a difference in the real world, we will make them the ones that come out on the big screen because we only make a different world.
A world where our children are free to become the best version of themselves, where the way they think they are never going to get them out of being who they are, or to reach what they want in their lives.
Think about what this can mean for someone in their lives.
Who do you have in mind?
Your wife's wife?
Does his sister.
Does his daughter do?
Is his friendship?
Could it just be the woman who is at two seats. What would it mean for her if he was released from that algorithmic voice on his interior, which is additively haunted by not having long legs -- most thin lights -- a more flat, foot blood?
What would it mean for her, if we were taking this up and we would say restrict to their potential that way?
Right now, the obsession of our culture with images is meeting us.
But let's teach our children the truth.
Let's teach them that the way you see you is just a part of your identity, and that the truth is that you love them for those who are and what they do, and as they make us feel.
We include the self-esteem in our schools.
We change each of us, the way we talk about and compare to other people.
And we work together as a community, from small groups to governments, so that the small transitions of an age of today, they become agents of safe change agents of themselves.
Let's do it.
On November 5, 1990, a gentleman called Elizabeth Novanthy entered a hotel in Manhattan and killed the Rabbi Meethor Kaway, the leader of Defense Department.
To November North Now, they declared it innocent -- but being paid for other minor charges in the other way, they started planning attacks at about 12 cents in New York City, including tunnels and synagogues and the United Nations.
Fortunately, those plans were frustrated by a form of the FBI.
Sadly, the 1938 bomb in the World Trade Center could not be avoided.
Later, it would be convicted by his participation in that attention.
Elique November is my father.
I was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, in 1983, being an Egyptian engineer, with a lovely American mother, an primary school teacher, between the two made all the possible to give me a happy child.
Only when I was seven years old, our family started to change.
My father taught me a form of Islam, which very few, including most Muslims -- they get to meet.
For experience, I saw that when people take time to interact with, it doesn't really require a lot to get to want the same things in life.
However, in every religion, in every human group, there is always a little fraction of people who are going to land so dramatically to their convictions that think we have to use all the possible media for everyone to live as them.
A few months before the stream, he sat down with me and explained that in the last few weeks, he and some friends, they had been going to train training in Long Island, to practice.
He told me that I would go with him the next day.
We got to the strand of shark they found that, without knowing our group, he was sent by the FBI.
When I got to throw up, my father helped me support the rifle. And I explained how to aim the target at about 30 meters.
That day, with the last bullet I gave you to the little orange light on the goal, and for the surprise of all, especially mine, the whole goal of calls in fire.
My uncle went to the others and in Arabic, he said, "The "August" said.
From such a child, such son.
All of us, the comment produced a lot of laughter, but just a few years later, I understood what they were so funny.
They saw in me, the same level of destruction that my father could cause.
Those people later would be convicted to put a van coming up with 700 pounds of explosives in the underground parking park of the World Trade Center causing an explosion that killed six people and raised another 1,000.
I admired those men.
I called them "my "marrow" that means uncle.
When I turned 19, I already moved 20 times. That instability during my childhood was not allowed to make a lot of friends.
Every time I started feeling comfortable about somebody already was time to push and go to another city.
As I was always the new face of the class with frequency.
I became secret my identity to avoid being the white -- but it's going to be the new of the class, quiet and record, it was enough.
So most of the time I spent it at home reading books, watching TV or playing video games.
For these reasons I didn't develop social skills, to say it substantially -- because growing under funding, I wasn't prepared for the real world.
I was educated to judge people, based on arbitrary indicators like their race or their religion.
So how could I open your eyes?
One of the first experiences that they put to test my thinking was during presidential elections of 2000.
In a university program that I participated at the National Convention Jennifer, in Philadelphia.
My group focused on the subject of juvenile violence, as I had been victims of killing almost all my life, was something that I felt a lot of passion.
The members of this group came from different processes.
One day, at the end of the convention, I discovered that one of the kids who we had made friendship was Jewish, was Jewish.
I took several days to go to light this detail and realized that there was no animals between the two.
I never had a Jewish friend before, and frankly, I felt very proud to have been able to sell the barrier that all life had made me believe it was infinite.
Another crucial moment emerged when I got a summer job in Bush Gardeni, a dividend park.
I found people from all kinds of beliefs and cultures, that experience turned out to be fundamental in the development of my character.
The whole life had taught me that humor was a sin and, by extension, all of the gay men were bad influence.
By the way, I had the opportunity to work with gay actors there, in a show, and I could see that several of them were the most threatened and less critical I had seen in life.
Having been a child, I developed a sense of empathy to the suffering of others, but it wasn't easy for me to treat loved people, exactly the way I would have wanted to be treated.
So I was able to contrast the stereotypes that had taught me about a child, with the experience of interaction in real life.
I don't know how to be honest, but I know what is being judged by something beyond my control.
Then he came the Dalla Show."
Every night, Jon Stewart made me absolutely honest about my interfaces, and helped me see that the race of people, religion or sexual orientation, have nothing to do with the character.
In many ways, he became my favorite figure at a time when I was desperately necessary.
Instead, inspiration can come from the unexpected -- and that a Jewish comedian would have had a better influence in my life that my own father, extremely extremely was not in the world.
One day I had a conversation with my mother about how I was changing my thinking, and she told me something that I would make in my heart forever, while he's alive.
She looked at me with my eyes tired of somebody who's suffered enough with increasing degrading and said, "I'm tired of hearing."
At that point, I realized how much negative energy is needed to keep all of that hate into your inside.
My real name is not Zack Egypt.
I changed it when my family decided to break my relationship with my father and start a new life.
So why did I decide to go out and put me in a possible risk?
Well, it's simple.
I have done it because I hope somebody -- some day, who is trying to bring violence, can hear my story and understand that there is a better way -- that although I was given to this violent and interesting ideology. I didn't get to make me fantastic.
On the contrary, I decided to use my experience to fight terrorism.
I do it by the victims of terrorism, and because of the terrible pain and the losses.
For the victims of terrorism to talk to those acts without sense, as I rejected my father's actions.
With this simple I'm shown here as proof that violence is not inherent to any religion or race, that children don't have to follow their parents.
I'm not my father.
Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you very much.
Right now, there's a movie that is projected in their minds.
It's an incredible multi-controlled movie.
It's in 3D, and it has a surface sound of what you hear and see right now. But that's just the beginning.
Your film has armed, taste and texture.
You feel your body, your pain, your hunger, your pleasure.
It has emotions, anger and happiness.
It has memories, as moments of your childhood that are projected before your eyes.
And it constantly has a voice superimposed in your conscious thinking.
The heart of the movie is you who experience everything in between.
This film is your awareness flow, the subject of the experience of the mind and the world.
Consciousness is one of the fundamental truths of the existence of being human.
Every one of us is conscious.
We all have an internal film, you, you and you.
There's nothing we know more directly.
At least, I know that I have a consciousness one.
I have no certainty that you are conscious.
Consciousness is also the reason to live.
If we weren't aware of it, nothing in our lives would make sense or value.
But at the same time it's the most mysterious phenomenon in the universe.
Why are we conscious?
Why do we have these internal movies.
Why are we not just robots that do what we get to produce results without experiencing the internal movie experiment?
At this point, nobody knows the answers to those questions.
I suggest that to integrate awareness to science, you need some radical ideas.
Some people say it's impossible a science of consciousness.
Science is objective.
Conservation, by nature, is subjective.
So there can never be a science of consciousness.
Because for almost all the 20th century, I predict that vision.
psychology was studying behavior often, neuroscience studied the brain often, but never one of no one mentioned consciousness.
Even 30 years ago, when TED started, there were very few scientific jobs about consciousness.
After 20 years ago, it all started to change.
Neuroscientists like Francis Crick and physicists like Roger Penns said, "Now it's time for science for consciousness.
And since then, there was a real explosion.
And this work was fantastic. It was great.
But it also has fundamental limitations until the moment.
The center of consciousness science in recent years was the pursuit of correlations between some areas of the brain and some states of consciousness.
So we saw some of this guy in the fantastic work that Nancy Kandela presented a few minutes ago.
Now we understand much better, for example, the areas of the brain that are related to the conscious experience of seeing faces or feeling pain or feeling happy.
But this is still a science science.
It's not an explanation science.
We know that these areas of the brain are related to certain kinds of conscious experiences, but we don't know why.
I'd like to explain to you that this kind of work of neuroscience answers some questions that we want it to explain consciousness. The questions about what they make certain areas of the brain and what they correlate with.
But in a sense, those are the easy problems.
No offense to neuroscience.
Actually, there are no easy problems with consciousness.
Well, I don't tackle the real core mystery of this material, why is it that every physical process in the brain has to be accompanied by consciousness.
Why is there a subjective internal movie film?
Right now, we can't understand it.
And you can say, let's give you a few years to neuroscience.
It's going to become another emerging phenomenon like the threats, like the husbands, like life, and we're going to find explanation.
The typical signals are all cases of emergent behaviors, how they operate the empowers, how the hurricane works, how they reproduce, they adapt and metabolize the living organisms -- they're all questions about objective function.
That could be applied to the human brain to explain some behaviors and the functions of the human brain as an emerging phenomenon, how we walk, how we talk about, how we play chess -- they're all questions about behavior.
But when it comes to consciousness, the questions about behavior are between easy problems.
But the hard problem, is the question of why is it that every behavior is accompanied from a subjective experience?
And here is, the standard paradigm of the survey, the standard paradigm of neuroscience, doesn't really have a lot to say.
I'm a heart scientific material.
I want a scientific theory of the folding that works. For a long time, I took my head against the wall looking for a theory of consciousness in pure physical terms that would work.
But at the end I got to the conclusion that that didn't work for systematic reasons.
I think we were stuck at this point.
We have a wonderful chain of explosion, great. We used to this: physics explains chemistry, chemistry explains biology, biology explains part of psychology.
But consciousness doesn't seem to fit into this scheme.
On the one hand, it's a fact that we're conscious.
For another, we don't know how to accommodate that idea to our scientific view of the world.
I think consciousness right now, is kind of a kind of animal, something that we need to integrate to our worldview, but we don't know how.
With an anomaly like this, you can need radical ideas, I think we need ideas that at first seem crazy before you can deal with consciousness in a scientific way.
There are some possibilities for those crazy ideas.
My friend Dan Dennett, who's here today, has one.
Your crazy idea is that there is no such problem of consciousness.
The whole idea of internal subjective film includes a kind of illusion or confusion.
Actually, what you have to do, is to explain objective functions -- the behaviors of the brain, and so you study everything you need exploration.
Well, more power for him.
That's the kind of radical idea that we need to explore if we want to have a theory of purely reductive consciousness, based on the brain.
At the same time, for me and for many others, that vision is pretty close to just denied that the observation of consciousness is satisfying.
But I am in a different direction.
In the time I left, I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think can be promised.
The first crazy idea is that consciousness is critical.
physicists sometimes take some aspects of the universe as fundamental laps. space, time and mass.
They put fundamental laws that governments, like the laws of gravity or quantum mechanics.
These laws and fundamental properties don't explain in terms of anything else.
Instead, they are considered fundamental, and the world is constructed.
Sometimes, the list of the fundamental is looked away.
In the 19th century, Mahatma discovered that you can't explain electromagnetic phenomena in terms of fundamental conscious concepts -- space, time, mass -- Newton laws -- so I put the basic laws of electromagnetic -- and I put the electrical charge as a fundamental concept that those laws government.
I think that's the situation that we find with consciousness.
If you can't explain consciousness in terms of fundamental ideas, space, time, mass strike, then because of logic, you have to blow the list.
The most natural thing would be to put awareness itself as a fundamental thing, a fundamental brick of nature.
This doesn't mean that suddenly it's not the object of science.
It opens up the way to handle it scientifically.
So what we need is to study the fundamental laws that govern consciousness, the laws that connect awareness with other fundamental concepts -- space, time, mass processes, physical processes.
The physicists sometimes say that we want fundamental laws so simple that we can stand in a region.
The situation of consciousness is something like this.
We want to find fundamental laws that we can take them into a t-shirt.
We still don't know what laws are, but that's what we look for.
The second crazy idea is that consciousness can be universal.
Every system can have a degree of consciousness.
This vision sometimes is called satisfactions? "Pin for all, person, person, every system is conscious -- not only humans -- the dogs, the mice, the flies, the flies -- even the microbes of Rob Kingdam, the elementary particles.
Even a picture has some degree of consciousness.
The idea is not that the photons are smart or they think.
It's not that a picture can be filled with angry when you think, "Oh, always traveling at the speed of light.
I can never slow up and smell the roots."
No, so on.
But the thought is that perhaps the photons can have some element of raw sense, subjective sense, some primitive precursor of consciousness.
This can sound a little bit crazy.
How would anybody think something so crazy?
In part this comes from the first crazy idea, that consciousness is critical.
If it's fundamental -- like space, time and mass, is natural to assume that it can also be universal, just like others.
It's also worth noticing that although the idea seems illegal, it's much less for people in different cultures, where the human mind seems more a continuum with nature.
A deeper reason comes from the idea that perhaps the simplest and powerful way to find fundamental laws that relate to the thinking of physical process, is to link awareness with information.
Whenever there is information processing, there's awareness.
complex information processing like a human being, complex awareness.
Simple information processing, simple awareness.
Something very exciting is that in the recent years, a neuroscientist, Gillian Tony, took this kind of theory and development with mathematical methods.
It has a mathematical measure of information, which is called chip, which measures the degree of information integrated in a system.
And I'm supposed to do with consciousness.
So in a human brain, there's an incredible high degree of information integration -- a high source of information, a lot of consciousness.
In a mouse there is a degree of information integration of information, which is pretty significant -- very important awareness.
But when you get to the worms of the breast, microbes -- particles, the fat of the child would say.
The information level of information is less, but it's not zero either.
In Tonics theory, there will still be a different level of ceremony.
It actually provides a fundamental law of consciousness -- high degrees of chip, high degrees of consciousness.
Also, another reason is that pathogenic can help us integrate awareness to the physical world.
The physicists and the philosophers often have observed that physics is curiously abstract.
It describes the structure of reality using a lot of equations, but we don't talk about the reality that underlies below.
As Stephen Hawking, "Where is the fire of equations?
From the palmarding vision, the equations of physics can be left as they are, but you can use it to describe the flow of consciousness.
That's what physicists do basically describe the flow of consciousness.
According to this vision, consciousness is the one that puts fire in the equations.
In that view, consciousness is not out of the physical world as a kind of adaptation.
It's right in the center.
This vision, I think, palmarder vision, has the potential to transform our relationship with nature, and it can have social consequences and ethical consequences.
Some can be illegal.
I used to think that I shouldn't eat anything that had consciousness, then it should be vegetation.
If you're a palmarding and you accept that vision, you'll have a lot of hungry.
I think that thinking about it, this tends to transform your vision, while what matters in ethical terms and moral consequences, is not so much the fact of consciousness, but its importance and complexity.
It's also natural to ask for consciousness in other systems, like computers.
What about the Samaran artificial intelligence system in the "Home movie, "The Home Moder."
Is it conscious?
According to the passive information vision, she has a complicated information processing -- so the answer is yes, if it's conscious.
If this is right, you put very serious ethical problems about the ethics of the development of intelligent computer systems and the ethics of supporting them.
Finally, you can ask for the consciousness of complete collective collections, the planet.
Canada has its own consciousness.
Or at a more local level, an integrated group, like the audience in a TED talk. Right now we have a TED collective consciousness, an internal movie for this whole group of TED, different from the internal movies from each of the parts?
I don't know the answer to that question, but I think at least it's a question that should be serious.
So this palmarding vision, it's a radical vision, and I don't know if it's right.
I'm actually safer of the first crazy idea, that consciousness is fundamental than the second thing that is universal.
The vision asks a lot of questions, many challenges, like, how do those little thoughts of thinking contribute to the kind of complex awareness that we know and love us.
If we can answer those questions, then I think we're going on the right path to a theory of serious awareness.
If not, well, this is probably the hardest problem of science and philosophy.
We can't wait to solve it overnight.
But I think we will finally go to discover it.
Understanding consciousness is the real key, I think, to understand the universe and understand ourselves.
Maybe we just need the right crazy idea.
Thank you.
I grew up in a small rural town in victory.
I had a very normal profile, a low education profile.
I went to school, I was standing with my friends, I was happy with my younger sisters.
Everything was very normal.
And when I was 15, a member of my community came up to my parents because I wanted to name for a community prize.
And my parents said, "Well, that's very nice, but there's an obvious problem.
She actually hasn't achieved anything."  And they were right.
I went to school, I had good grades. After the school, I had a low profile in my mother, and I spent a lot of time looking at the "Burger Services and Damas Creek."
Yeah, I know. What contradiction.
But they were right.
I didn't do anything that was extraordinary at all.
Nothing that can consider as a achievement if we took the disability outside the equation.
Years later, being in the second part of the teaching in a high school in Mellon, just after about 20 minutes in the class 11 of legal studies a guy raised his hand and said, "Hey, when do you give your discussion?
And I said, "What discussion?
Well, I had been talking about the law of hacking for some good 20 minutes.
And he said, "You know, your motivation speech.
When people in wheelchair are talking about inspiring things in school?
"The act of action in the actor."
And it was then when I realized, this boy had had experiences with people with disabilities like inspiration objects.
And we are not. And it's not a blame of the guy, that is to say, that's true for many of us.
For us, people with disability are not our teachers or our doctors or our manipulations.
We're not real people. We're there to inspire them.
And in fact, I'm on this stage looking at what I do in this wheelchair -- and you're probably waiting for you to inspire you. Right?  Yeah.
Well, ladies and gentlemen, I fear you described them.
I'm not here to inspire you.
I'm here to tell you that we have lied in relation to disability.
Yes, we've sold us the lie that disability is something Bal, and at same, I shocked.
It's something bad and living with a disability makes you exciting.
It's not a bad thing, and it can't make you exceptional.
And in the last few years, we've been able to spread even more this lie through social media.
You may have seen images like this: "The only disability in life is a bad attitude.
Or this one: "Your excuse is inventional."
Or this other one: Before I leave, internal infection."
These are just a couple of examples, but there's a lot of them.
You may have seen one, the girl without hands drawing with a pencil support by the mouth.
You may have seen a child who runs with order of carbon fiber.
And there's a lot of these images, which are what we call a porn inspiration.
And I use the term depressed depressed, because they make a group of people for the benefit of another group of people.
So in this case, we use disabled people in benefit of people without disability.
The purpose of these images is to inspire them, to motivate them, so we can see them and think, "Well, for very bad that's my life, it could be worse.
I could be that person.
But what if you're that person?
I've lost the account of the number of times that I've been very strange about wanting to express that they believe that I am brave or a source of inspiration, and this happened before my work had a public profile.
It was like I was happy to wake up in the morning and remember my own name.  And this is to consider.
These images, those images make people with disability in benefit of people without disability.
They're there so you can see them and think that things are not so bad for you, or to put their concerns in perspective.
And life as a disabled person is actually something difficult.
We had some things.
But the things that we overcome are not the things that you can think.
It's not relative things to our bodies.
I use the term "people disabled -- unfortunately, because I subscribe to the so-called social model of disability that tells us that we are more disabled, because of the society that we live because of our bodies or diagnosis.
So I've lived in this body for a long time.
I'm very excited about him.
The things I need to do, and I've learned how to take the best of your ability as you do, and that's what happens with the kids of those pictures too.
They're not doing anything out of the common.
They're just using their bodies taking the best of their ability.
So is it really fair to amplify them in the way we do, by sharing those images.
When people say, "You're a source of inspiration? You say it as a complete.
And I know why it happens.
It's because of the lie, because we've sold us this lie that disability makes us exciting.
And honestly, it doesn't do.
And I know what you're thinking.
I'm here blinding the inspiration and you think, "Oh God, Shelle, are you not sometimes inspired by something?
And actually, I know I am.
Learning from other people with disability all over time.
However, I don't learn that I'm more fortunate than them.
I learn that this is a great idea to use a little bit of barbaria to collect the things that get me out.  I learn the ingenious trick of how to load the battery of the mobile phone in the chair of the chair.
Great.
We learn from the force and resilience of others, not against our bodies and our diagnosis but against a world that excepts and fascinates us.
I really believe that that lie that has sold us about disability is the biggest injury.
It makes us hard life.
And that quote: "The only disability in life is a bad attitude, the reason that that's lying is because it's not true, because of the social model of disability.
A lot of smiles at a scale of stairs has never done that it becomes a brand.
Never --   Smile on a television screen will not make the supermarkets appear for deaf people.
Not a lot of people in the middle of a bookstore and making a positive attitude turn all those books to the branch.
It's just not going to happen.
I really want to live in a world where disability is not exception, but the norm.
I want to live where a 15-year-old girl sitting in his bedroom watching "Bulgardo the Valley Salaard doesn't consider anything to be in a chair.
I want to live in a world where we don't have so low expectations of people with disability that we're happy to get away from bed and remember our names in the morning.
I want to live in a world where we value the genuine achievement of people with disabilities, and I want to live in a world where a child in the 11 degree in a high school in Mellon is not a little surprise that his new teacher is a wheelchair user.
The disability doesn't make us exciting, but to question what you believe to know about it, I know it does.
Thank you.
What do you have to see the augmented reality and the professional football with the empathy?
And what is the average speed of a solid polling without charge?
Unfortunately, today I just answer one of those questions, so please, they don't deserve.
When people think of an augmented reality, they think about "Minister Republic, and in Tom Cruise by taking the hands in the air, but the augmented reality is not science fiction.
The augmented reality is something that will happen in our days and will happen because we have the tools for it, and people need to know, because the augmented reality will change our lives as much as the Internet and the mobile phones.
So how do we get to reality restored?
The first step is what I wear -- the Google Glasses.
I'm sure many are familiar with them.
What you may not know is that Google Glass, are a device that allows them to see what I see.
I'll allow you to experience what is being a professional sports in the field.
Right now, the only way to be in the field is that I try to describe them.
I have to use words.
I have to create a framework that you will fill with your imagination.
We can use Google Glass, under a helmet and know what is running through the game camp at 160 miles, the blood hitting the ears.
We can know that a man in 110 pounds is chasing us, trying to get rid of all its being.
I've been there and I assure you that it's not nice.
I bring some videos to show you what's using Google Glass, under the helmet and give you an idea of that.
Unfortunately, they're not images of the NPA practice, because the idea of the New emerging technology is a submarine coming up to the surface. But we do what we can.
So let's look at a video.
Chris Klahoverga. Come on.
It's horrible to be calculating.
A moment. Let's zoom in a little bit.
Property?
Go!
Chris Kladwa. As you can see, it's a picture of what is going to be called the football field, from the calculus perspective.
You have realized that you lack people, the rest of the team.
We have a video of them, corner of the University of Washington.
Failure Marcus: Rats 45: Rats 54."
Blue eight, Blue 8: Go!
Chris Kladwa. This is a little bit more about feeling in the field, but it has nothing to do with being at NASA.
Fans want that experience.
The fans want to be in the field, being their favorite players, and they've asked me in YouTube and on Twitter, you can see from the angle of a field marker.
Or a rock?
We want to experience that."
Once we have that experience with Google and Google Glass, how do we get out of full, how do we take it to the next level?
We took it to that level using something called October Riots, who surely many already know.
The October Rice has been described as the most realistic virtual reality apparatus ever created, and it's not cheap.
And I'm going to teach you why, with this video.
Man: Oh, oh.
No, no, no, I don't want to keep playing. No!
Oh, my God. Ah!
CK: That's the experience of a man in a Russian mountain to take for his life.
What will be the experience of a hunger when we recorded a video from Adrian Peter crossing the line, pulling off a telescope with the arm before running and making an antibiotic? What will be the experience of a profit.
When I can be Messagen running through the shop, launching the balance at the bottom of the network? Or Fello doing a store in Minister?
What will their experience be when it goes from a mountain to more than 100 miles as a window scale?
Maybe you get the sales of paper for adults.
But this is not even augmented reality.
It's just virtual reality, Robert.
How do we reach the extra reality, Ritgue?
So let's take the actual reality when the coaches and the marine and the owners look at the information of what people want to see and think, "How do we use this to improve our teams?
How do we use it to win particles?"
Because they always use technology to win.
They like to win. They give them money.
So, here's a brief resident about technology at NASA.
In 1965, Balica Populs put a target to his field market to play faster.
They won the Super Bowl that year.
Other teams decided to imitate them.
More people saw the party because it was more exciting, faster.
In 1994, the NFL put radio on the states of the field markets and then in the defense.
They had more viewers because it was faster, more entertaining.
In 2013, imagine that you're a player coming back to your group and you see their next player shown in front of you, in a plastic bombsight that will take -- no longer have to worry about forgetting a game.
Or to memorize the strategy.
They just go out to the field and they react to it.
And the coaches want them because if they don't follow their instructions, they lose parts, and they hate to lose parts.
If you lose you as a coach.
And they don't want that.
But the augmented reality is not just an improved strategy manual.
The augmented reality is also a way of collecting information and using it in real time to improve your way to play the game.
How would it work?
Well, a very simple option would be having a camera in every corner of the stadium having a view from the height of the people who are down.
You also get information from the sensors of the helmet and the accelerometer.
And all that information is sent to your players.
Good teams will be able to send them.
And the bad ones will have information overwhelming.
This will differentiate the good teams of bad equipment.
So your computer team will be as important as your recruited recovery, and the data analysis will stop being just for nerves.
Who would have imagined it?
How would it be in the field?
Imagine you're the field marker.
You get the balance and returns.
You look for an open receptor -- suddenly a flat on the left side of your bombsight you give you a defense behind you is going to attack you, normally, you wouldn't see it, but the RNA system gives you up.
Move to the protection area.
Another flat gives you an open receptor.
You launch the ball, but you get rid of it.
And the bullet loses the trajectory.
You don't know where to land. However, the receptor sees in its bombsight a area of grass that lights up and can modify the race.
It's appropriately, catching the ball, running and lawns.
The public includes and the fans have followed the player from each angle.
This is something that will create massive emotion in the game.
I'll make lots of people look at it, because people want to live that experience.
Fans want to be in the field.
They want to be their favorite player.
The reality is augmented to be part of the sports because it's too profitable to not be.
But what I ask you is: Do we want this to be the only use of the augmented reality?
Are we going to use it just like bread and circuit, like our usual entertainment?
Because I think we can use it for something else.
I think we can use the augmented reality to promote empathy between human beings, to show someone how it is, literally being in another person's place.
We know what this technology is worth for the sports lights.
It generates billions of income a year.
But how much is this technology for a teacher in the classroom trying to show an abusive how they are their actions from the perspective of the victims?
How much is this technology for a gay in Uganda or Russia trying to show the world how it lives to be for being a forest?
How much is it worth for a Harvard Harvard or a Neil Democratic Termin trying to inspire a generation of children to think more about space and science instead of three-dimensional notes and Karas?
Ladies and gentlemen, the augmented reality.
The questions that we make, the decisions we take and the challenges that we face, they depend as always, of us.
Thank you.
I recently joined after 23 years of service at the High East Catafoint.
Most of those 23 years, I spent the southern end of the County of Maria, which includes the Google Gates.
The bridge is an iconic structure known for its beautiful view of San Francisco, the Pacific Ocean and its architectural style.
Unfortunately, it's also a magnet for suicide, being one of the most used places in the world.
The Goldman Gates Bridge was opened in 1973.
Joseph Streets, the head of a head of building the bridge, said that, "The bridge is pretty much suicide test.
The suicide from the bridge is not practical or probable."
But from their openness, over 1,600 people have jumped into their death from that bridge.
Some of you believe that traveling between the two towers will take you to another dimension -- this bridge has been identified as such, as you get rid of all your concerns and pain and the water that goes down to clean your soul.
But let me tell you that it happens when the bridge is used to commit suicide.
After a free of four to five seconds, the body hits the water about 120 miles an hour.
The impact breaks bone, some of which they prefer vital organs.
Most people die in the impact.
The ones that not, normally stay in the indigenous water, and then they go away.
I don't think that the ones that contain this method of suicide are aware of the death that they will face.
This is the wire.
Except about two towers, there are 32 inches of parallel steel on the bridge.
This is where most people get to before they remove life.
I can tell you by experience that once the person is on that edge, and at its darkest time, it's very difficult to bring them back.
I took this picture last year while this young man was talking to an officer contemplating his life.
I want to tell you with joy that we had success that day in bringing it back on the band.
When I started working on the bridge, we didn't have any formal training.
We fought to channel the way through these calls.
This was not just a bad service to those who contain suicide, but the officers too.
We've got a long way since then.
Today, veterinarians and psychologists train new offices.
This is Jason Garden.
I met the 22 of July last year when I received a call of a possible subject sitting in the corner near the center.
I said, and when I came in, I looked at Jason talking to an officer from the Goldman Gates.
Jason was just 32 years old, and I had flown up here from New Jersey.
In fact, I had flown up here twice before New Jersey to try to stand from this bridge.
After about an hour talking to Jaway, I asked us if we knew the story of the Pandora's box.
remembering the Greek mythology Zeros created Panage, and he sent her to the Earth with a box, and he said, "No, you never open that box.
Well, one day, curiosity could more than Panage, and she opened the box.
They came out of plants, pennius, and all kinds of bad against man.
The only good thing in the box was hope.
So Jason asked us, "What happens if you open your box and there's no hope?
They stopped a few moments, leaned on the right, and he left.
This threatened and smart man in New Jersey was just taken out of life.
I talked to the parents of Jason that night, and I guess when I was talking to them, it didn't seem to be ringing very well, because the next day, the family rabbi was called me to see how it was.
Jason parents had asked him.
The cost of suicide cards affect a lot of people.
I ask you these questions: What would you do if a member of your family, a friend or someone loved being submitted?
What would you say?
You know what to say?
In my experience, you don't just talk about, but you have to listen to.
Listening to understanding.
Don't argue, stuff, or tell the person you know how it feels like, because you probably don't know.
Just being there, you can be the tipping point you need.
If you think that someone is suicide -- you're not afraid to cope and ask the question.
One way to ask you the question is: Others in similar similar have thought about taking their life -- have these thoughts have had these thoughts?
To confront the person in front of it can save life and be the point of inflection for them.
Other signs to search for, despair, believe that things are terrible and they're never going to improve -- importance, believe that there's nothing that you can do about it: recognize social insulin, and a loss of interest in life.
I came up with this talk just a couple of days ago, and I got an email from a lady and I would like to read her letter.
She lost his son on January 19 of this year, and he wrote this email just a couple of days ago, and it is his permission and blessing that I read it.
"Hi, Kevin -- I imagine you're at the TED conference.
It must be a whole experience to be there.
I'm thinking that I should go to the bridge this weekend.
I just wanted to leave you with a note.
I hope you can tell a lot of people and go home talking about it to their friends that tell their friends, etc.
I'm still quite unstable, but I'm going to notice more moments to realize that Mike will not go home.
Mike was driving from Peter to San Francisco to see the 49-year-old party with his father the 19 of January.
It never got there.
I called the police of Peter and reported it as disappeared that night.
The next morning, two officers came to my house and reported me that Mike car was down on the bridge.
A witness had seen it jump out of the bridge at 185, on the afternoon of the previous day.
Thank you very much for fighting for those who can be temporarily too weak to fight for themselves.
Who hasn't been before bad without suffering a real mental disease?
It shouldn't be so easy to end it.
My prayers are with your struggle.
The GG: The Google Gold Path is supposed to be a passage through our beautiful bay, not a cemetery.
Good luck this week, Victoria."
I can't imagine the value that she needed to go to the bridge and get the way his son took that day, and also the value to go forward.
I'd like to introduce you to a man that I mean with hope and value.
On March 11, 2005 responded to a radio call for a possible subject on the edge of the bridge near the north tower.
I drove my bike, and I looked at this man, Kevin Berkeley, standing on the sidewalk.
When he saw me, he crossed the bandwidth, and he stopped in that little tube that goes around the tower.
For the next hour and a half, I heard like Kevin talked about his depression and despair.
Kevin decided for his account that day coming back on that lane and giving life another opportunity.
When Kevin came back, he happy.
"This is a new beginning, a new life."
But I asked him, "What did it make you come back and give to hope and life opposite?
And you know what he told me?
He said, "I'm listening.
You let me talk and just listen to me.
Shortly after that incident, I got a letter from the mother of Kevin, and I have that letter with me, and I would like to read you.
"Dear Brazils, nothing will erase the events of March 11, and you're one of the reasons why Kevin is still with us.
Honestly, I think Kevin was calling for help.
It's been diagnosed with a mental illness for which it's been properly medicine.
I adopted Kevin when I was only six months, completely unconscious of all those heroic traits -- but thank God, we now know.
Kevin is in order, like he says.
We thank God for you.
Since in debt with you, Navid Berkeley."
And at the end she wrote, "Do I go when I visited the General Francisco General Hospital that night, you would figure out as the patient.
"I have to make it out."
Now, Kevin is a curious father and member member of society.
It speaks openly about the events of that day and their depression with hope that their story inspired others.
Supply is not just something that I've found myself in work.
It's personal.
My grandfather was sitting with poison.
That act, despite finishing its own pain, I stole the opportunity to know it.
This is what the suicide does.
For most of the suicide people, or those who consider suicide, they wouldn't think about beating another person.
They just want their own pain to go over.
Usually this is only three things: sleep, drugs or alcohol or death.
In my career, I've responded and I've been involved in hundreds of mental illness and called suicide around the bridge.
From those incidents that I've been directly involved, I've only lost two, but those two are too much.
One was Jaw.
The other one was a man who talked about an hour.
During that time, I shook my hand in three times.
In the final store, I looked at me, and he said, "Hey, sorry, but I have to go."
And I jumped up.
Horrible, absolutely awful.
I want to tell you, though, that the vast majority of people who we get to contact in that bridge are not sustained.
In addition, those few that have jumped out of the bridge and living and you can talk about it, that one percent or two, most of those people have said that the word that they left from side, they realized they had made a mistake and they wanted to live.
I tell people, the bridge is not only connected Marine with San Francisco, but also people.
That connection, or bridge that we do, is something that every one of us should be striving for doing.
Supply can prevent you.
There's help. There's hope.
Thank you very much.
The world makes you be what you're not, but in your interior, you know what you are, and a question takes you, how do you become that?
I must be something unique in that sense, but I'm not alone in any way I'm alone.
When I became a model I felt that I finally had achieved the dream that I had since a child.
My outside finally matched my inner truth, with my inner self.
For complicated reasons, I will tell you later, when I look at this picture, I think, Gene, you get it.
But the Ocean past, I found that I am just starting.
Our families, our religion, our society, our moment in history, even our bodies.
Some of them have the value of liberating, to get rid of the limits imposed by the color of skin or the beliefs of those around us.
They're people who always defy the status quo -- which is considered acceptable.
In my case, the last nine years, many of my neighbors, many of my friends, my agent even ignored my story.
I think this enemy is called reverse.
This is mine.
I was registered as a boy by birth because of the appearance of my genital people.
I remember my five years in the Philippines, in my house, I always carried this shirt on my head.
And my mom asked me, "Why do you always take that shirt in your head?
I said, "Mom, it's my hair. I'm a girl.
I knew how to support me.
The gender has always been considered an incredible fact, but we now know that, really, it's more complex and mysterious now.
Because of my success, I never dare to share my story, not because I thought it's going to be bad, but why the world is treating those of us who want to liberate them.
Every day I appreciate to be female.
I have mom, Dad and a family who accepted me as I am.
Many are not so lucky.
There's a long tradition in Asian culture that celebrates the mystery of the gender.
There's a Buddhist goddess of compassion.
There's a Hindu goddess of the strands.
And when I was eight years old, I was in a party in the Philippines who celebrated these mystery.
I was in front of the stage, and I remember this beautiful woman came up to me, and I remember that moment as if something will blow me -- this is the kind of woman I wanted to be.
And when I was 15, when I still wore man, I met this woman called TED.
It's the director of a transparency of transportation.
That night she said, "Why haven't you participated in the bear of beauty?
He told me that if he participated she would be started from the speech and the vessel and the very night, and that night, he won in bathroom suit, won in a galaxy suit, and he was third of the end of over 40 candidates.
That moment changed my life.
All of a sudden, I was inside the world of beauty.
Not a lot of people can say that their first work was remaining of beauty of transportation of transportation, but I can.
I also met the goddess of the destroyed, especially when we traveled to remote provinces of the Philippines.
But more importantly, I met my best friends of that community.
In 2001, my mom who had moved to San Francisco, called me and told me that they passed my request from the green card that I could go live to the U.S.
I was reserved.
I said to my mother, "May, I'm having fun.
I'm here with friends, I like to travel and be a beauty queen of beauty.
But then, two weeks later, he called me and said, "You know that if you moved to the United States you can change the name and the identity of gender?
It was all I needed to hear.
My mom suggested to me that I put two "and my name.
She also advised me when I stood in Thailand at the age of 19 years.
It's curious that in some of the most rural cities of Thailand, they do the most prestigious and sophisticated surgeries and safe surgery.
At that time in the United States, it was necessary to be able to be able to be able to be able to make surgery before we change the name and the gender.
So in 2001 I went to San Francisco, and I remember looking at the driver's license with the name of Germany and the female gender foot.
It was a big moment.
For some people, their identity document means to be able to drive or be able to get a challenge, but for me it was the license to live, to feel digital.
Suddenly, my fears were manipulated.
I felt I could conquer my dream and move to New York, and be model.
Many are not so lucky.
I think of this woman in Mom Andex.
A young woman in New York who basically lived his truth, but he was declined, put his life.
For many of my community, that's the reality that they live.
Our suicide rates are eight times higher than the rest of the population.
Every 20 of November, we do a global surveillance by the Commitment Day of Transition.
I'm on this stage thanks to a long story of people who fought and stood up to the injustice.
These are Marshall P. Johnson and Sylvia River.
Today, right now, I'm coming out of the closet.
I can't keep living my truth alone and just me.
I want to do the best to help others live their truth without shame.
I'm here, expanding for one day no longer than 20 of November now.
My deepest truth led me to accept what I am.
Would you do that?
Thank you very much.
Thank you, thank you, thank you.  KT: Germany, Samer Schuke: Generation, a quick question.
George Rock: Sure. You see, first, thank all of my bloods.
In my support network, my parents especially, to my family, who is very strong.
I remember all the times that I've been afraid to young women, who had translated, and sometimes when they called me and told me that their parents couldn't accept it. I took the phone, I called my mom and said, "Mommy, you can call this woman?
Sometimes it worked, others don't. It's just gender identity, that's what is at the center of what we are, right?
I mean, all of us are assigned by a gender at birth, and what I try to do is put on the table the subject that sometimes that didn't square -- and that there should be a space that allowed people to automatically, and this is a conversation that we should have with parents, with colleagues.
The transit movement is insight compared to gay movement.
There's still a lot of work for doing.
There should be understanding.
There should be space for curiosity and to ask questions, and I hope you all are my allies.
KS: Thank you. Very amazing. GG: Thank you.
In many patriarchal and tribal societies, parents generally know for their children, but I'm one of the few parents who are known for their daughter, and I'm proud of it.
Malay started his campaign for education defending his rights in 2007, and when they were holding their efforts in 2011, when they met the June National Prize of peace, it became very famous -- a very popular girl in his country.
Before that, I was my daughter, but now I'm his father.
Ladies and gentlemen, if we take a look at the history of humanity, the story of women is the story of injustice -- of inequality, of violence and exploitation.
You see, in the patriarchal societies, right from the beginning, when they were born a child, their birth is not celebration.
It's not good, not for your father, not for your mother.
The neighborhood comes from, and it gives you their connection to mother and no one happy to the father.
And a mother was very overwhelmed by having a girl.
When giving birth to the first child, the first daughter, it gets sad.
When it gives birth to the second daughter, it was completely completely, and with the hope of a son, when he puts his third daughter, he feels guilty as a criminal.
Not only the mother suffers out, but the daughter -- the daughter is born, when it grows, it suffers too.
At the age of five years, when I should go to school, it stays at home and the school admit to their brothers and the school.
Until the age of 12 years, it somehow has a good life.
You can fun.
It can play with their friends on the street, and it can move through the streets like a butterfly.
But when it comes into the adolescence, when it was 13 years old, he was proposed to come out of his house without a male company.
It's confined at four walls of their house.
It's not a free person.
He becomes the honor call of his father and his brothers and his family, and if he translates the code of that honor assor, he could even kill it.
And it's interesting that this assumption of honor, not only affect the life of a guy, also affect the life of male members of the family.
So this brother sacrifices the joy of his life and the happiness of his sisters in behalf of honor assumptions.
And there is a norm more than patriarchal societies called opinion.
It's supposed to be a good girl to be very crazy, very humble and very summer.
It's the critic.
The model of a good girl must be started.
It's supposed to be silent and that accepts your father and your mother and the decisions of the elderly even if you don't want.
If you marry it with a man who doesn't like it, or if you marry it with an old man, it has to accept it, because it doesn't want to be a waste technique.
If you get them very young, you have to accept it.
Otherwise, they call it desire.
And what happens at the end?
In the words of a poet, "The marriage was done, and then gives birth to more children and daughters?
And the irony of the situation is that this mother, it took the same lesson of obesity to his daughter and the same honor of honor to his children.
And this vicious circle continues and continues.
I wanted brothers and sisters, when Malay, and for the first time, believe me, I don't like the neighbors to be honest, but when I was there, and I looked at his eyes, believe me, I felt extremely honored to me.
And a lot before I was born, I thought about his name, and he was fascinated with a legendary fight of freedom in Afghanistan.
His name was Malawi of Madan, and he called my daughter like that.
But when I looked at it, everybody was men, and I grabbed my pen, and I brought a line from my name, and I wrote, "Malaic."
And when she grew up, when I was four and a half years old, I admired her in my school.
You might ask, why should I mention a girl in a school?
Yes, I have to mention it.
You can give it for granted in Canada, in the United States, in many developed countries, but in the poor countries, in the patenting societies, in tribal societies, is a great concentration for the life of children.
Instead in a school means the recognition of their identity and their name.
An admiration to school means that he has entered the dreams of dreams and the aspirations where they can explore their potential for their future life.
I have five sisters, and none of them could go to school, and they would be surprised, two weeks before, when I figured out the Canadian saw, and I was on the relative part to family, I couldn't remember the approaches of some of my sisters.
And the reason was I had never seen my sisters written in any document.
That was the reason I value my daughter.
What my father couldn't give my sisters or his daughters, I thought I had to change it.
I used to appreciate the intelligence and the safety of my daughter.
I encouraged it to sit with me when my friends came to me.
I encouraged it to go with me to different meetings.
And all these values, I've tried to instill them in their personality.
And this wasn't just for her, just for Malawi.
I've struck all these good values in my school to girls and kids alike.
I used education for education.
I taught my daughters, teach students, to forget the lesson of obesity.
I taught students to forget the lesson of the statement called sunlight.
We wanted brothers and sisters, we fought for more rights for women, and we fought to have more and more space for women in society.
But we found a new phenomenon.
It was lethal for human rights and, in particular, for women's rights.
It was called the transition.
That means a complete denial of women's participation in all political, economic and social activities.
Hundreds of schools were lost.
The girls were banned to go to school.
Women were forced to use candles and stopped going to markets.
The musicians were silent, the surrounded girls and the salts are killed.
They suffered millions, but a few people, and it was terrifying to have around those people who kill and they vary when you talk for your rights.
It's really frightening.
At 10 years old, Mally was lifted up and left on the right to education.
He wrote a day for the BBC blog, offered himself for the New York Times documentary documents, and he talked about every platform he could.
And his voice was the most powerful voice.
It's spread as a climate around the world.
And that was the reason that the Taliban couldn't tolerate their campaign and October nine of October 2012, they shot a burn in the head.
It was a particular day for my family and me.
The world became a big black hole.
While my daughter was discussing between life and death, I whispered the ear to my wife, "I must blame my daughter, to your daughter?
And he immediately said, "Please don't blame you.
You define the right cause.
They put your life on play for the cause of truth, because of the cause of peace, and by the cause of education, and your daughter is inspired in you and joined you.
Both of them were on the right path and God to protect it.
These few words meant a lot to me, and I didn't ask myself again.
When Malay was in the hospital, and he had severe pain and strong pain headaches because his facial nerve was cut down, I used to see a dark shadow that spread on the face of my wife.
But my daughter never complained it.
I used to say, "I'm okay with my pink smile and with the excitement in my face.
I'll be okay. Please don't worry.
It was a conflict for us, and it gets us.
dear brothers and sisters, we've learned from it how to resist at the most difficult moments, and I'm pleased to share with you that despite the rights of children and women, it's like any 16-year-old girl.
He cried when he didn't end his homework.
He fights with his siblings, and I'm very happy for that.
People ask me, "What about special in my tutor that has made Mala so brave and expressive and environmentally?
I tell you, don't ask me what I did.
Ask me what I didn't do.
He didn't cut their wings and that's it.
Thank you very much.
Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you.
I was operating from the brain 18 years ago, and from that day, the science of the brain has become a personal passion.
I'm an engineering.
And I want to tell you that I recently have joined the Monterey group of Google, where I've had a split to my office, the Google X-ray visualization division -- but all the work I'm talking about today about the science of the brain, I did it before I joined Google or out of my work there.
Having said this, there is a stigma when you take you to a brain operation.
Is it still as smart or not?
If you could not be like this, you can be smart.
After neuroscience, I was missing a part of the brain, and I had to live with it.
It wasn't the gray matter, but it was the dead part of the center that creates important hormones and neuroscientists.
Immediately after the operation, I had to decide what amount to take, from more than a dozen chemicals every day, because if I didn't take anything, die in a few hours.
Every day, over the last 18 years, I have had to decide about combinations and chemicals and trying to get them, to keep living alive.
More than once I've been saved by slight.
But luckily, I have an experimental soul, so I decided that I would experience to try to get the optimal dose because there's really no clear map that will say it in detail.
I started testing with different mixes and I was surprised by seeing how small changes in the dose changed dramatically my autonomous, my sense of who I was, my thinking of thinking, my behavior with others.
A particularly amazing case for a few months, I tested dose and typical chemicals for a man of venture, and I was surprised by seeing how my thoughts were changed.
I was always sound, I thought all the time in sex, and I thought it was the smartest person around the world, and --  -- of course, many times in the past I've met several guys like this, or maybe some attacked versions of it.
It turned out as an extreme.
But my great surprise was that I wasn't trying to be a professional.
In fact, I was trying to try so much insecure, to fix a problem that I had in front of it, and just didn't happen like this.
So, I couldn't handle it.
I changed my dose.
But I think that that experience gave me a new appreciation about men and about what they have to go into. Since then I get better with men.
What I was trying to do -- when I addressed those hormones and neuroscientists and so forth, it was to recover my intelligence after disease and operation -- my creative thinking, my flow of ideas.
I tend to think about almost always in pictures, and that became my key point, how do I get those mental images that I use to create prototypes, my ideas, if you want to test new ideas and record situations.
This kind of thoughts is not new.
Philips like Humber, Deserts and Hollars look at things differently.
They thought that images and mental ideas were the same thing.
There are those who question this idea, and there are a lot of discussions about how the mind works. For me, it's simple, for most of us, mental images are fundamental for creative and invention thinking.
So after several years, I managed to find the point right and I have already lots of great mental signs, really viable, well sophisticated and well-conflicted.
Now, I'm working on how to bring these mental images, my mind to the computer screen.
Can you imagine what would happen if a movie director was able to use their imagination just to steer the world that has the front?
Or if a musician could extract the music of his head?
There are incredible possibilities with this, as the way that creative people can come to share at the speed of light.
And the truth is, the only difficulty to make this is just increasing the resolution of our brain scanning systems.
Let me show you why I think we're pretty close to getting to this with two recent experiments made by two groups that are held in neuroscience.
They both used MRI technology, image of functional magnetic resonance to represent the brain. Here you can see the brain scan done by George Gans and their Harvard colleagues.
The column on the left shows the scan of a person who looks at an image.
The middle column shows the scan of the brain of that same individual as you imagine, seeing that same image.
The column on the right was created by restoring the content of the central column on the left -- it looks like the difference is almost nutrient.
This was repeated in many different individuals with many different images, always with a similar result.
The difference between seeing an image and imagine seeing that same image is almost nutrient.
Now, let me share you another experiment. This is from Jack Galden lab in Berkeley, California.
They managed to convert brain waves into visual fields.
Let's put it in this way.
In this experiment, it showed people hundreds of hours of YouTube videos while they were exploding their brains to create a huge act of reactions of the brain to the video sequences.
Then I showed you a film with new images, new people, new animals, and as much as a new scan was recorded.
The computer, using only brain brain information described it to show what seemed that the person was looking at.
On the right you can see the displays of the computer, and on the left, the video that I showed you.
This left us backgrounds.
We're pretty close to doing it.
We just need to improve the resolution.
And now, remember that when you see an image and when you imagine that same image, you believe in the brain the same map.
This led to the brain scanning systems of higher resolution, available today, and their resolution was increased as a thousand times in the last few years.
Now we need to increase the resolution about a thousand times more to get a deeper look.
How do we do that?
There are many techniques to do it.
One is opening the skull and introducing electrodes in.
I don't offer to that.
Many of them are providing new projection techniques for images -- even me. With the recent result of the IM: first of all, we need to ask the next thing, this technology will be the end of the way?
The conventional wisdom says that the only way to get greater resolution is with bigger magnets -- but at this point, more large magnets only offer small improvements in resolution by thousands as we need.
I propose this idea: instead of bigger magnets -- let's make better magnets better.
We can create much more complex structures with slightly different arrangements like making a spiritual.
And why does this matter?
In the last few years, a lot of effort in the MRI was to make really big magnets -- right?
However, most of the recent advances in the resolution of ingenious and brilliant solutions in code and decoding -- in the transitions and frequency receptor receptors in the MRI systems.
In the same time, instead of a uniform magnetic field, we use magnetic pathogenic patterns tied to radio researchers.
So when you combine magnetic patterns with the patterns of the frequency of real FM radio processing, we can increase the information that you can extract in a single scanner.
In addition, we can then divide in layers that our growing knowledge about the structure of the brain and the memory to create the increase in the thousands that we need.
By using the IRCA we should be able to measure not just the flooded blood fluid, but the of the hormones and neutrons that I've mentioned and perhaps even the direct neural activity. This is the dream.
We will be able to fly our ideas in direct way to digital media.
Can you imagine if we could go over the language and communicate directly through the thinking?
What would we be able to do?
And how do we learn to deal with the truths of human thinking without filter?
You thought the Internet is a big thing.
These are big questions.
It would be irrelevant to use it as a tool to amplify our skills of thinking and communication.
Indeed, this same tool could lead to the culture of Alzheimer's and similar diseases.
We have few choices more than opening up this door.
But anyway, they take a year, will it happen in five or 15 years?
It's hard to imagine that I'll take much more.
We have to learn how to give this step together.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk about this night about coming out of the closet, and not in a traditional sense, not just gay ambulance.
I think we all have guns.
Their closet, maybe to tell some person for the first time that the love or tell someone who's pregnant, or say to someone who has cancer, or any other difficult conversation that you have based on life.
All of the breast is a difficult conversation, and even though our issues can vary tremendously, the experience of having lived and having come out of that closet is universal.
It's fear, and we don't like it, and it must happen.
A lot of years ago, I worked on the South Side White Canada, a restaurant in the city, and being there, I had to go through several stages of the intensity of the Milocust military, not to take my armpits to quote the letters of Ann Dr French as a lent line.
And I'm going to be convinced that because of the height of my short screen, and I would have been holding my head out of my head, I would usually ask a small child, "Hey, are you a kid or girl?
And it would look like an uncomfortable silence on the table.
I would hold my jaw a little bit more, I would take my coffee with a rest of the rage of it.
The father would make uncomfortable the newspaper and the mother would launch a cold looking at his son.
But I wouldn't say anything, and I would build inside.
And I got to the point that every time I went to a place where there was a kid between three and 10 years, I was ready to fight.
And that's a terrible feeling.
So I promised that next time I would say something.
It would have that difficult conversation.
So after a few weeks, it happened again.
"Are you a kid or a girl?
A family silence, but this time I was prepared and I was about to go into the female issues on the table --  I had the Betty French quote.
Gloria Steven quote.
Even a fragment of the "Vagina Monologues," which will show you.
Then I breathe up and lowered the gaze and my backs a four-year-old girl with a pink dress, looking at what is not a challenge for a feminist flight, just a girl with a question, "Are you a kid or girl?
And then I breathe up again and I stood up close to it, and I said, "Hey, I know this is a confused thing.
I have the short hair like a boy, and I saw a kid, but I'm a girl, and you know, as you like to use a pink dress, and sometimes you like to use a comfortable pajamas.
Well, I'm more like a girl of a comfortable painting."
And that girl looked at me, paying attention, and he said, "My favorite picture is raped and has a fish.
Can you give me a painting, please?
And that was it. Just "Oh, OK. You're a girl.
What about the painting that I figured?
It was the hardest conversation of all of you ever had.
And why? Because the girl of the page and I, we were both honest with the other.
So as many of us, I've lived in some rumps in my life, and yes, my walls used to be a rainbow.
But inside, in the dark, you can't know what color is the walls.
You just know how one feels living in a closet.
It's like my closet, it's not different than your own or your yours or your yours.
Sure, I will give you 100 reasons why coming out of my closet, it was harder than coming out of you, but this is the thing: the hard thing is not relative to it.
The hard thing is hard.
Who can tell me that to explain to someone who has been declared in bank banking is harder than telling it that it's been been disappear?
Who can tell me that this story that I tell is harder than telling your five year-old son to be divided?
There is no more difficult, there's only the hard thing.
We have to stop classifying what is difficult about what is difficult to make us feel better or worse in relation to our closet, and we should just feel empathy because we all live something difficult.
At some point in our lives, we all live in arms, and you may make security, or at least safer than the other side of the door.
But I'm here to tell you, it doesn't matter what their walls are, a gun is not a place to live.
Thank you.  Imagine themselves 20 years ago.
I, I had a horse tail, a dress.
It was not the military lesbian ready to fight any four years that would come into the coffee.
I was frozen by fear, cut in a corner of my dark closet, packing my grandmother gray, and moving only a muscle is the most scary thing I've ever done.
My family, my friends, complete strangers that I've spent my entire life trying to do not discuss them, and now the world was going back to purpose.
I was burning the pages of a script that we've all followed for so long, but if you don't release that big, you'll kill you.
One of my most memorable launch launches was in my sister's wedding.
It was the first time that many of the people between the guests knew that I was gay, and when I do my honor lady workers, in my black and catastrophic dress, I walked around the tables and I finally got to one where my parents were in my parents, people who knew me to do years.
And after talking a moment, one of the women said, "I love Nathan Langon."
And the gay portrait battle had started.
"Hah, would you ever be in the Cape?
"Well, yeah, the truth is, we have friends in San Francisco.
"Well, we've never gone there, but we've heard that it's fairly."
"Hey, you know my Attatngia Asia?"
It's very good, and it's never talked about having a governance."
"Hey, what is your favorite TV program.
Is our favorite program William, and Britain.
And you know who we love us? Jack.
Jack is our favorite."
And then a woman, declined but instead of showing desperately his support, to let me know that I was on my side, finally he said, "Well, sometimes my husband uses pink stairs."
And I had an opportunity at that time, like you have all the grain landscapes.
Sure, it could have been easy to indicate where they felt simply.
It's not very hard to find them and realize the fact that they were stretching out.
And what else can you ask someone, but do you expand?
If you're going to be authentic with somebody, you have to be prepared for how authentic you get.
This is how hard conversations follow without being my strong point.
Ask anyone that I have come out.
But I'm getting better, and I follow what I like to call the three principles of the Paintenmen of the Palestinian.
Now, please look at this through gay perspective, but they understand that what it involves coming out of any closet, is essentially the same thing.
Number one: Be authentic.
Take the audience. Be yourself.
That girl in the coffee had no audience, but I was ready for battle.
If you want somebody to be general, others have to know that we also suffer.
Number two: Be direct -- just tell it. Take their parks.
If you know they're gay, they say.
If they say to their parents that maybe they could be gay, they'll keep hope that that could change.
Don't give them a sense of false hope.
And number three, and more important --  leave the complex.
You communicate their truth.
You ever apologize for that.
And some of them can come out of safe wounds -- forgiveness by what they've done, but they never apologize by what they are.
And yes, maybe some of you will feel disappointed. But that's something in them, not in you.
Those are the expectations of them about what you are, but not your own.
That's the story of them, but not from you.
The only story that matters is that you want to write.
So the next time you find in a strange dark sharing a big, broad, you must know that we've all been there before.
And you may feel very lonely, but they're not.
Thank you, Bonobo. Enjoy the land.
International, what is that?
If we look at the story of how intelligence has been seen, a productive example has been the famous quote of Everest Discover that "The question of whether a machine can think is as interesting as the question of whether a submarine can swim.
When Egyptian Discover wrote this was done as a critical to computer pioneers like Alan Turkey.
And so some years ago, I started a program to try to understand fundamental physical mechanisms of intelligence.
Let's go back a step.
First of all, let's start with a mental experiment.
Imagine that they are an alien race, who don't know anything about the biology of Earth and the Earth neuroscience or the intelligence of the Earth, but they have incredible telescopes and they can look at Earth, and they have incredibly long lives, so you can look at the Earth for millions, even billions of years.
And you see a very strange effect.
Of course, as terrorists, we know that the reason would be that we're trying to save ourselves.
We're trying to avoid an impact.
But if you are an alien race that knows nothing about this, that doesn't have any concept about the Earth's intelligence -- they would be forced to develop a physical theory that would explain how, until a certain moment in time, the asteroids that demand the surface of a planet simultaneously stop doing it.
And so I claim that this is the same question that you can understand the physical nature of intelligence.
So in this program that led to a few years ago, I was looking at a variety of topics through science, through various disciplines, who would sing, I think, to a single underlying mechanism of intelligence.
In cosmology for example, there's been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be finally adjaced to the development of intelligence, and in particular, for the development of universal states that maximize the diversity of possible future.
Finally, in robotic motion, there's been a variety of recent techniques that have tried to harness the skills of robots to maximize the future freedom of action in order to perform complex tasks.
And so by taking all these different issues and putting them together, I asked a few years -- is there a underlying mechanism for the intelligence that we could extract from all these different issues.
Is there just an equation for intelligence?
And I think the answer is yes. What you're seeing is probably the closest equivalent to a E = a mine for the intelligence that I have seen.
So what you're seeing here is a statement that intelligence is a strength, FDA, that acts in order to maximize the future freedom of action.
It acts to maximize the future of action freedom, or maintain open choices, with a force T, with the diversity of possible future accessible future, yes, to an impending future time, the tone.
In a few words, intelligence doesn't like to be caught up.
The intelligence is trying to maximize the future of action and maintain open options.
And so, having this equation, it's natural to ask, what can you do with this?
How predictable is it?
predicts the level of human intelligence?
predicts artificial intelligence?
So I'm going to show you now a video that I think, showing some of the amazing applications of this simple equation.
Narrator: recent research research has suggested that the universes that produce more disorder, or interview, during their life should have a tendency to more favorable conditions for the existence of intelligent beings like us.
But what if that technical connection between entropy.
What if intelligent behavior is not only correlated with the long-term entropy production but actually emerges from it?
To find out, we've developed a software engine called Energy, designed to maximize the long-term entropy production in any system where it comes into it.
Amazingly, Encounter was able to spend multiple animal intelligence testing, playing human games and even earning money by making action, all of that without being asked to do that.
Here are some examples of Enceladus in action.
Just like a feet of foot without falling down, here we see Encounter balancing a pole using a car.
This behavior is remarkable in part because we never gave it to Encounter a goal.
He just decided to be able to balance the position.
This balance skill will have applications for human robotics and human assistance technologies.
This ability to use tools will have applications in intelligent manufacturing and agriculture.
In addition, just like some other animals can cooperate by pulling away from a string at the same time to release food, here we see that Enceladus can perform a version of the model of that task.
This capacity of cooperation has interesting consequences for economic planning and in a variety of other fields.
Encouragen is widely applicable to a variety of dominants.
For example, here we see it successfully playing a game of put against itself, interpretating their potential for play.
So here we see Enceladus organizing new connections in a social network where friends are constantly disconnected and kept with success the whole network.
This same network of network organization also has applications in health care, in energy and intelligence.
Here we see Enceladus organizing the routes of a barrier barrier, discovering successfully and using the Panama Canal to expand the global level of the Atlantic to the Pacific.
In the same way, Encountering is widely applicable to problems in autonomous defense and logistics and transportation.
Finally, here we see Encounter specialized to discover and execute a business strategy, sell in a simulated series of action negotiation -- successfully increasing assets under its exponential gesture.
This ability for risk management will have broad applications in finance and safe.
Alex Minks: What you've seen is that a variety of brands of commercial human behaviors just like the use of tools, walking upright and social cooperation, all of them derived from one equation, which leads to a system to maximize their future freedom of action.
Now, here's a deep irony here.
So let's go back at the beginning of the use of the robot, the "Burger work -- there was always the concept that if we developed smart machines, there would be a cyber rebellion restoration.
The machines would get up against us.
One of the biggest consequences of this work is that maybe all of these decades, we've had all the concept of cyber rebellion to investment.
It's not that the machines first become smart and then megasters and they try to move out of the world.
It's all the opposite, that the impulse of taking control of all possible future control is a more fundamental principle than the intelligence of intelligence, that general intelligence can actually arise directly to take control, rather than being to the reverse.
Another important consequence is the pursuit of the target.
You often ask me, how do you look for targets to get away from this kind of market?
My equivalent to that statement to go to the descendants to help them build artificial intelligence or to help them understand human intelligence, is this: intelligence must be seen as a physical process that tries to maximize the future of action freedom and avoid restrictions in their own future.
Thank you very much.
We're at a point of inflection in human history, something between the corner of stars and losing the planet we call home."
Although, in the last few years, we've expanded our knowledge of how the Earth fits in the context of the universe.
The NASA message of NASA has discovered thousands of possible planets orbiting around other stars, which tells the Earth is only one between the billions of our galaxy.
Kepler is a space telescope that measures the tumor limited intensity of stars when planets go ahead of them, and blocking a little bit of that light that comes to us.
The data collected by Kepler shows the sizes of planets besides the distance that there are between them and their stem star.
In the way, this helps us understand whether these planets are small and recorded as the land planets of our solar system, and also the amount of light they get from their sun.
In turn, this gives clues about whether these planets we find are habitable or not.
Unfortunately, while we're finding this telescope of potentially habitable worlds, our own planet is driving under the weight of humanity.
2015 was the most hot record.
The marine ice and sea ice that has been with us for us from thousands now are disappearing in decades of decades.
These environmental changes that we have caused at the global scale have rapidly suppressed our ability to alter their course.
But I'm not a climate scientist, no astronomer.
I study the ability of the planet influenced by stars, with the hope of finding places in the universe where to discover life beyond our planet.
You could say that it was looking for alien opportunities in the immune sector.
Now, as someone very interested in search for life in the universe, I can tell you that the more I look for Earth-like planets to the Earth, more enjoy our own planet.
Every one of these new worlds invite a comparison between the world and the planets that we know better, the ones of our solar system.
Take our neighbor, Mars.
Mars is small and recorded and despite being a little further from the Sun, it can consider a potentially habitable world showing this by a mission like Kepler Medicine.
In fact, it is possible that Mars has been habitable in the past, and partly that's why we study so much to Mars.
Our Rovers like "China, trace their surface in search for clues on the origins of life as we know it.
The satellites that orbit them, like the MIT mission, take samples from the Martian atmosphere, and they try to understand how Mars has been able to lose their ability.
private companies now offer not just the short space flights but also the transportation of living on Mars.
But even though all these Martian images remind us to the deserts of our planet, places that are linked to our imagination with cutting-edge ideas and pioneers compared to Earth, Mars is a pretty terrible place to live.
Let's take the extension of the desert areas of our planet that are still going to be collapsed, really embarrassing places compared to Mars.
Even in the most dry and higher places on Earth the air is fresh and full of oxygen embedded by our tropical forests to thousands of miles away.
I worry that this excitement for the colonization of Mars and other planet planets, I get a big and sad shadow, the implications and the belief of some that Mars will expect to save us from this inflationary storm on the single planet that we know is truly taxed, Earth.
For a lot that I like the interface exploration, I'm deep disagreement with this idea.
There are many good reasons to go to Mars, but to say that Mars will be there to save humanity is like figuring out that the Titanic captain will tell us that the party of the Titanic will have a place later in the wild.   Thank you.
But the goals for interface exploration, and the land preservation is not contributed.
No, they're actually faces of the same coin. The goal of understanding, preserve and improve life in the future.
The extreme environments in our world are in our world as extraterrestrial landscape.
Just get closer to home.
If we can understand how to create and maintain habitable spaces, in the hostile areas and steady areas on Earth, maybe we can satisfy the need to preserve our environment and go beyond that.
I leave you with a mental experiment, the Fermi paradox.
A lot of years ago, the physicist Enrico Ferry was asking -- what our universe has existed for a long time, and we hope that there were many planets in this universe, we should have found evidence of the existence of alien life so far.
Well, where are they?
Well, a possible solution to the Fermi paradox is that when civilizations become very advanced enough to consider the stars, they lose the notion of how important it is to protect the origin of the planets that made this development.
It's arrogant to think that the interplanetary collaboration will save us from ourselves, but the planetary preservation and the interplanetary exploration can work together.
If we really believe in our ability to support the hostile environments of Mars to the human presence, then we should be able to overcome the even easier task to preserve sustainability on Earth.
Thank you.
A few years ago, my own house.
And while I was in the front porch looking at my pockets, I realized that I didn't have the keys.
In fact, I could see the window that they were on the dining table, where I had left them.
So quickly I tried to open all the other doors and windows and they were all right closed.
I thought about calling a clothes, at least I had my cell phone, but in the midnight, a letter could take a long time to come in, and I was cold.
I couldn't go home from my friend of Jeff to spend night because I had a early flight to Europe in the next morning, and I was trying to make my passport and my suitcase mast.
It would be expensive, but sure that not more expensive than a race clothes at night, so I thought that despite the circumstances, it was okay.
I'm a professional neuroscientist, and I know a little bit about how the brain works under stress.
Correctional liberation that increases heart rhythm, models the lines of adrenaline and the thinking.
And when I got to the manufacturing show in the airport, I realized I didn't have my passport.
Well, I had a lot of time to think about those eight hours without sleep.
And I started wondering, if there was something that I could do, systems that could put in their place, which prevent bad things happen.
Or at least, if bad things happen, that minimize the likelihood that it's a total catastrophe.
So I started thinking about that, but until a month later, my thoughts didn't criticize me.
I was dinner with my colleague Danny Kamania, won from the Nobel Prize, and a little bit embarrassed I was talking about the window, and that I had forgotten my passport, and Danny shared with me that he had been practicing something called a projection report.
It's something he had learned from psychologist Gary Kelly, who had written this a few years before, known as the promise.
They all know what the pollen is.
Every time there's a disaster, a team of experts comes and tries to figure out what went wrong, right?
In the spring, as Danny explains -- you look forward and try to figure out all the things that could go wrong, and then try to figure out what can do to prevent things out or to minimize the damage.
So what I want to talk with you is some things that we can do in the form of a promise.
Some of them are conscious, others are not so evident.
I'm going to start with the obvious.
In the house, to spend a place for things that are easily lost.
This sounds common sense and it is, but there's a lot of science that supports this thesis -- based on how our space memory works.
There is a structure in the brain called hypothetical, which has evolved over thousands of years, to make a tracking of the location of important things, where the great ones are, where the fish are at the top of the fruit trees, where the tribes live and engineers.
The hippocampus is the part of the brain that is beaten in the tanks of London.
It's the part of the brain that allows them to find their needs.
And if you ask if somebody really did the experiment, they cut the algorithmic sense of the shops, and they still could find their needs.
They didn't use smell, but the hippocampus, that very evolved mechanism of the brain to find things.
But it's really good for things that don't move, not so good for things that move a lot.
This is the reason for losing car keys, reading glasses and passwords.
So at home they have a place for the keys, a hook next to the door, maybe a decorative dish.
For your password, a particular box.
For your reading glasses, a particular device.
If you go through a place and you're shock with it your things will always be there when you look at them.
What about travels?
Take the cell a picture of their credit cards like drive, passion, to be able to email themselves so they are in the cloud.
If these things lose or steal them, this can facilitate substance.
These are some of the most obvious things.
Remember, when it's under stress, the brain releases cortex.
The cortex is toxic and the thought of thinking.
So part of the pristine practice is to recognize that under stress, we're not going to be at the best moment, and you have to put the systems on your site.
And there's perhaps not more stressful than when you face a medical decision.
And at some point, we will all be in that situation, to have to make a very important decision about the future of our medical care or a loved being, to help them with a decision.
And so I want to talk about that.
And I'll talk about a very particular medical condition.
But this grows as a proposal for all of the medical decisions, and in fact to make financial decisions and social decisions, any kind of decision that you have to take for you to take a rational assessment of facts.
So suppose you go to the doctor and the doctor says, "I have received the result of the lab and the cholesterol is a little high.
Everybody knows that the high cholesterol is associated with a greater risk of cardiovascular disease, attack to the heart, delivers brain.
So you're thinking that having the high cholesterol is not the best, then the doctor says, "I'd like to give you a drug that will help you reduce the colony, a statistics."
And maybe you have heard of the statistics, and you know it's one of the most prescribed drugs in the world today. It's even likely that you know people who take them.
So you think, "Yes, I remember the statistics."
But there's a question that you should do then, a statistics that you should ask for the most doctors don't want to speak, and the pharmaceutical companies even less.
It's for the NNA, the number needs to treat.
And what is this, the NNA?
It's the number of people who have to take a drug or support a surgery in any medical procedure before they help a person.
And should you think about what kind of deserted statistics is that?
The number must be one.
My doctor would not receive me if it wasn't to help me.
But actually, medical practice doesn't work like this.
And it's not the fault of the doctor, and if it's someone else's fault. It's from scientists like me.
We haven't understood the underlying mechanisms.
But the Gharadays of Gulfarisian that 90 percent of drugs works only 30 to 50 percent of people.
So the number needs to treat the most widely prescribed statistic -- what do you think it is?
How many people have to take it before they help a person?
300 dollars.
This is the research of the cynical researchers Jerry Groclain and Pamela Harvard, confirmed independently by Lago.
I was exploring the numbers.
300 people have to take the drug for a year before they avoid a single heart attack, it spill brain or another adverse event.
Now you might think, "Well, one probability in 300 of my colony.
Why not? Doctor? Tell me the recipe anyway.
But then you have to ask for one more statistics, and it's "The Second School The Second Efficacy: Yes?
For this particular drug, the secondary effects are produced by five percent of the patients.
And those things include terrible things: delicate pain pain and art, super-constitutional pain, but now you think, "The five percent is not very likely to happen to me, still take the medicine.
But a moment.
They remember under stress don't think clearly.
So think about how they look at this over time, so they don't have to make the reasoning chain in the act.
300 people take the drug, right? A person has helped you, five percent of the 300 have secondary effects, that's 15 people.
You have 15 times more likely to come out of the drug that you help you the drug.
I don't say they should or not take the statistics.
I just say you must have this conversation with your doctor.
Medical ethics requires it is part of the informed consent principle.
We have access to access to this kind of information to start the conversation about whether you want to take the risks or not.
You may be thinking that I've launched this number in the air for the value of the crash, but actually this number needs to be quite typical.
For the surgery that most of it is done in the most 50 men, extraction of prostate prostate -- the number needs to treat it's 49 percent.
So 49 surgeries for a person who has helped it.
And the side effects in that case are produced in 50 percent of the patients.
Those include the impact or the erectile disconcert, the original income, the right night, income income.
And if you get lucky, and it's one of that 50 percent the effects will only take a year or two.
So the idea of the promise is to think before the questions that you can pretend to make the conversation forward.
You don't have to do this in the act.
And they also want to think about quality of life.
Because you have an option many times, you want a shorter life free life or a longer life that could have a lot of pain towards the end?
These are the things that they talk about and think about now, with their family and their loved ones.
They can change on the heat of the moment, but unless you're trained in this kind of thinking.
Remember, our brain releases cortical under stress, and one of the things that happens at that time is that they get a lot of systems.
There's an evolutionary reason for this.
Face to face with a predator. It's not necessary the digestive system, or the liberation or the immune system, because if the body is spending metabolism in those things, it doesn't react to quickly. They could be the lunch of the lions -- so none of that matters.
Unfortunately, one of the things that goes through the window during those moments of stress is rational logic, like Danny Kaway and his colleagues have shown up.
So we have to train ourselves to think about the future of these kinds of situations.
I think the important thing here is to recognize that we're all defensed.
We're all going to fail in a while.
The idea is to think about the future how they could be those failure, to put the systems in the place that will help you minimize the damage or stop the bad things happening in the first place.
Regulating the night of snow in Montreal -- when I came back from my journey, my contractor installed me a combination of combination along the door, with a key to the gate door in the same one, an easy way to remember it.
And I have to admit that I still have lots of letters that I have not ordered and lots of mail messages that I haven't read.
So I'm not very organized, but I see the organization as a gradual process, and I'm doing it.
Thank you very much.
Interpreter: Penta, "My favorite musical symbol.
It means playing.
If you're playing a musical instrument and you see one "per per percent, you need to play more sustainable.
Two pounds, even more gentle.
Four pounds, extremely smooth.
This is my drawing of a pink tree, there you see that no matter how many thousands and thousands of pours may be, you will never get to a complete silence.
That's my current definition of silence, a very dark sound.
I would like to share a little bit about the history of the American system of signs, ALS, plus a little bit of my own story.
The French signs came up during the 1800s and the step of time, mixed with local signs, and it developed the language that we know as ALS.
So it has a story about 200 years.
I was born deaf, and they taught me to believe that sound wasn't a part of my life.
And I thought it was true.
But now I realize that it's not true for anything.
The sounds are a very important part of my life, really are in my mind every day.
As a deaf person who lives in a world of sound, it's like I lived in a foreign country, following their rules, communities, behaviors and norms.
So how do I understand sound?
Well, I see how people behave and respond to sound.
People are like my altitudes and amplify sound.
Learning and copied that behavior.
At the same time, I've learned that I can create sound, and I've seen how people respond to it.
So I've learned for example.
"Don't reach the door."
"Don't make a lot of noise when you eat the pile of friends from the fragments."
"Not tributes, and when you're eating, you would make sure not to throw the covers on the plate."
This is all called sound "contraction."
Maybe I think of the sound tag more than the average person does it.
I'm a super-street of the sounds.
And I'm always waiting with the sound nervous, which is about to come next.
Hence this drawing.
TBP: For deciding that.
TBP: It will continue.
TED, for advice.
You can see that the pandemic doesn't have notes in the lines.
That's because the lines already contain sound through the subtle bonds and stairs.
In deaf culture, movement is equivalent to sound.
This is the signal for the "Golden Saturday in the ALS.
A typical pandemic has five lines.
However, for me, to make the thumb with my thumb so it doesn't feel natural.
That's why I have only four lines on the paper.
In 2008, I had the opportunity to travel to Berlin, Germany, for artistic resistance there.
Before this time, I had worked as a painting.
During this summer, I visited museums and spaces of different galleries and as I went from one place to another, I realized that there was no visual art there.
At that point, sound was the trend and that was called attention.
There was no visual art, everything was auditorium.
Now sound has entered my art territory now.
Is it going to distance me more of art?
I realized it doesn't have to be like this.
In fact, I know the sound.
I know it so well that it's not only experienced through ears.
I can feel it totally or experience it visually, or even like an idea.
So I decided to reclaim the sound ownership and integrate it into my artistic practice.
And all they had taught me about the sound of sound, I decided to leave it and get it.
I started creating a new body of work.
And when I presented it to the artistic community, I was impressed with the amount of support and attention I got.
I realized that sound is like money, power, control, social currency.
In the background of my mind, I always felt that sound was oblivious -- it was a little bit of a story person.
And the sound is so powerful that it could be hurt to me and my artistic job, or it could get me.
I chose that it will be empowered to me.
There's a massive culture around the language.
And just because I don't use my literal voice to communicate, the eyes of society is as if I didn't have a voice at all.
So I have to work with people who can support me from equal and become my voice.
So I am able to be relevant to the current society.
So in school, in work and institutions, I work with many different performers from ALS.
And his voice becomes my voice and identity.
They help me be heard.
And their voices have value and weight.
Ironically, by borrowing their voices, I'm able to maintain a temporary form of value something like taking a loan with a very high interest rate.
If I wouldn't continue to have this practice, I feel that I could be delivered in the forgotten and not having any kind of social value.
So with sound like my new artistic medium, I died in the music world.
And I was surprised by seeing the similarities between music and ALS.
For example, a musical note can't capture and express it completely on the paper.
And the same thing can tell you about a concept in ALS.
The two are very spaces and highly modulated models that mean that subtle changes can affect all the signals as well as the sounds.
I'd like to share with you a metaphor of the piano, so you understand better how the ALS works.
So, imagine a piano.
ALS is divided in many different gradual parameters.
If you assign a different parameters for each finger while you touch your piano, as the facial expression, the body movement, the body, the speed, the shape and so on, as you touch the piano and the English is a linear language, as if you put it only a piece at once.
However, the ALS is more like a right, you need the 10 fingers in a simultaneous way to express a clear or idea in ALS.
If only a keyboard would change the chord and create a completely different meaning.
The same thing happens with music in terms of tone, tiny and volume.
In ALS, by using these different gravitational parameters -- you can express different ideas.
For example, the sign focus on that."
This is the signal for that.
I'm looking at you.
Look at me.
Oh, they called me.
Whoa.
What are you looking at here?
Ah, base."
So I started thinking, and if I see ALS through the lens of the music?
If I had to create a sign and repeated it over and over again, it could be like a piece of visual music.
For example, this is the sign of day, the sun goes out and put it up.
This is all day."
If you repeat it and it reduced speed, virtually it looks like a piece of music.
All day.
I feel that the same thing can be said about the next night.
"All night.
This is all night, in this drawing.
And this led me to think about three different kinds of nights, "Life," "Death night."  All night.
I feel that the third has more music than the other two.
This represents how time is expressed in ALS and how the distance to the body can express changes over time.
For example, one hero. It's a hand, two heroes -- it's two hands, the present gets closer and in front of the body, the future is in front of the body, and the past is in the back.
So the first example is a long time ago.
Then the past -- "We were "completely "on "A Albama, and the last one, which is my favorite, with a very romantic and dramatic idea at the same time, "Once "Once "Once "Once "Hey.
Common test is a musical term with a specific rate of four times per compose.
However, when I see the word "Terme time, I think automatically at the same time."
Look at MR: Right, right hand, me, left hand.
We have the paradox through the head and the chest.
(Audience: Methan, Flarkarkess." (Climbing Commander." (Music garden -- I'm going to show you a form of the hand called "logging Gallery."
Can you do it with me?
You all with the hands at high hands.
Now we're going to do it so much in the head like chest, something like "Temple "Test or "As "The Same time."
Yeah, very good.
That means "Let's fall in the international system.
The international system, as a note, is a visual tool to help communicate in all cultures and signs of signs around the world.
The second I'd like to show you is this one. Please do it again.
And now this.
It means "Collaborative in ALS.
Now, the third one. Please hold me again.
And again.
It's "light in ALS.
We're going to do the three together.
"Look at them, collaboration and light."
Good job.
Notice how the three signs are very similar. They all occur in the head and the chest -- but they transmit very different meaning.
It's amazing to see how ALS is alive and press, just like music.
However, today, we live in a very curious world.
And only because ALS has no sounds, automatically doesn't have social value.
We have to start to question what the social value defines and allow the ALS to develop its own value, without sounds.
And this could be a step to make a society more inclusive society.
And maybe people understand that you don't have to be deaf to learn ALS.
ALS is a rich teacher, and I'd like you to have the same experience.
I'd like to invite you to open your ears, open your eyes, to participate in our culture and experience from our visual language.
And you never know, you can even love from us.
Thank you.
Denne Kaway: Hey, that's me.
As a child, my parents would say, "You can get it all up, but then you have to clean it.
Freedom involves responsibility.
But my imagination took me all these wonderful places, where everything was possible.
So I grew up in a bubble of income or a bubble bubble I should say, because adults lie to us to protect us from the horrible truth.
When I get older, I found out that adults are also successful and that they're not very good at cleaning each other.
The time happened now, I'm now an adult and teaching citizen and invention at Hong Kong.
You don't have to wait a lot for my students when I walk through the beach board with lots of trash.
So as good citizens, we clean the beach, and no, it's not drinking alcohol, and if you are, I didn't give it.
It's sad to say, but more than 80 percent of the oceans contain plastic.
It's kind of special.
And over the last few decades, we've been coming out with these big books and networks and collecting those pieces of plastic to study them under the microscope, and we classify them, and we classified this information on a map.
But it lasts an eternity and it's very expensive, and it's also very risky to use those huge boats.
So along with my students, with ages of six to 15 years old, we were looking at a better way.
We've transformed our tiny classroom in Hong Kong in a workshop.
We started building this message of work with an altered height so that very low kids can actually participate.
And I'm going to tell you, kids who manipulate electrical tools feel cool and secure.
Not exactly.
Let's go back to the plastic.
We collect the plastic and we reduce it to the size that we find it in the ocean, which is very small, because of their fragment.
That we do.
I leave it to the imagination of my students.
My job is to try to take the best ideas of every child and try to combine them into something that we hope it works.
We decided instead of collecting pieces of plastic, we just collect information.
Through the use of a robot, we took a picture of this plastic -- kids are very excited about robots.
We then created quickly what we call a prototype."
We're so fast in the creation of prototypes that we ended before lunch.
And we transform lamps and cameras in access and we put it into a floating robot that will be moving slowly through the water and the plastic we have there, and this is the image captured by the robot.
We see plastic pieces floating slowly through the sensor as the computer computer process will process this image and measure the size of every particle to get an appropriate estimate of the amount of plastic in the water.
We documented this invention step on a website for inventors called Institutes, with hope that someone else is even more.
The great thing about this project is that students saw a local problem, and I pushed, they're trying to fix it.
I can investigate my local problem, but my students in Hong Kong are very well informed.
You see the news, they come up with the Internet, and they hit this image.
A child, maybe less than 10 years, cleaning a oil spill -- just using hands, in Stanfords, the largest mangrove forest in the world in Bangladesh.
They were very surprised because this is the water you drink, it's the water where you get back, the water where you fish, the place where you live.
You can also see that water is brown -- the mud and oil are also of brown color, and when everything is mixed, it's very difficult to see what's in the water.
But there's a simple technology called spirit, which allows you to see what's in the water.
We built a first prototype of a spectrum that can blow through all sorts of substances that produce different species, which can help to identify what's in the water.
We outfitted this prototype with a sensor and sent it to Bangladesh.
The great thing about this project is that beyond solving a local problem, or analyzing a local problem, my students used their empathy and their sense of creativity to help other children.
And I could investigate a problem at the distance. I saw myself forced to do a second experiment, and I wanted to go a little further, maybe to address a harder problem, and also closer to me.
I'm half Japanese and half French and maybe remember, that in 2011, there was a devastating earthquake in Japan.
It was so violent that they have a lot of giant waves, called tsunami, and those tsunami destroyed several cities on the coast of Japan.
Over 14,000 people died in an instant.
It also gives the nuclear power plant from Fulgrade, a nuclear core close to water.
And today, according to an average of 300 tons are still leaking away from the nuclear plant in the Pacific Ocean.
Today, the entire Pacific Ocean has control traces for 1337.
If we go to the West Coast, we can measure the radiation of Funny everywhere.
But if you look at the map, it seems that most of the radiation disappeared from the Japanese coast, and most of the time, it has safe appearance, it's blue.
Well, reality is a little more complicated than that.
I've come back to Funny every year from the crash and the research independently with other scientists, the land, the river, and this time we wanted to take the kids.
Of course we didn't take them, parents didn't allow them.
But every night we report to the control center. Here you see the use of different mass.
It might seem like they didn't take the work seriously -- but they did it because they're going to have to live with radiation all their lives.
Together with them we discussed the data that we discussed that day and we talked about what we were going to do next, the strategies, the international, etc.
And to do this, we created a rudimentary computer map of the region around the nuclear power plant.
We created the electricity map, we introduced pigments to represent data in real time of radiation, and we took water to simulate rain.
With this we could notice that the radioactive dust was filtered from the top of the mountain to the ride system and deployed in the ocean.
It was an appropriate estimate.
But based on this we organize a civil expedition -- the nearest nuclear expedition to the date.
We zoom up to about a mile of nuclear center, and with the aid help of the area we were collecting sea sediments with a restaurant transplant as we invented and built.
So here we see a progress. We've gone from a local problem to a remote problem, to a global problem.
And it's been very exciting to work on these different scales, also with open-source technologies and very simple.
But at the same time, it's been increasingly frustrating because we've only been beginning to measure the damage we've done.
We haven't even begun trying to solve problems.
I wonder if we should give the jump and try to invent better ways to do all these things.
So the classroom became a little bit of a little bit of a little industrial installation in Hong Kong and we become the largest space dedicated to social and environmental impact.
It's at the Hong Kong center, and it's a place where we can work with wood, metal, chemistry, a little bit of biology, of panic basically can be built almost everything there.
It's also a place where adults and children can play together.
It's a place where children can become reality with adult aid, and where adults can be children again.
Students. Acceleration. Accenting."
Center Harry: We asked questions like, can we invent the future of mobility with renewable energy?
For example.
Or can we help in the mobility of advanced age transforming their standard wheels in new electric vehicles.
The plastic and oil and architecture are lost larger, but the worst legacy that we can leave our children are the lies.
We can't afford to protect children in the horrible truth because we need their imagination to invent the solutions.
So scientific citizens, creators creatures, sandwich, we have to prepare the next generation to be concerned about the environment and people, and so that I can actually do something about it.
Thank you.
Two radical dollars two radically opposite design.
One is made of thousands of pieces of steel, the other one of a single silk store.
One of them is synthetic -- the other organic one.
One is imposed on the environment, the other one.
One is designed by nature, the other one for it.
Miguel said that when he looked at the mammal in a brick, he saw a figure that fought for being free.
The film was only Michigan tool.
But living beings are not cybercriming.
They grow.
And in the smallest units of life, cells, we took all the information to each cell to work and to replicate it.
The tools also have consequences.
At least from the Industrial Revolution, the world of design has been dominated by market rights and mass production.
The assembly lines have documented a world made of parts, building the imagination of designers and architects that are trained to think about their objects as an instances of discrete parts with different functions.
But you don't find the human material assembly in nature.
Think of human skin, for example.
Our facial skin cells are thin with distant periods.
The skin skin cells are more thick with little pores with little pores ...
You act primarily as a filter, the other one as a barrel, and yet, it's the same skin, there's no parts, there are no assembly.
It's a system that gradually vary its functionality through the variation of specialist.
Here's a divided screen that represents my view of the divided world, double personality of every designer and architect at work right now between the cybercrime and the gene, between the machine and the organism, between the assembly and the growth, between Henry Ford and Charles Darwin.
These two visions of the world, my left hemisphere and the right, analysis and senses, shows on the two screens after me.
My work, at its simplest level, is trying to bring these two visions of the world, stepping out of the assembly and reaching growth.
You probably ask, why now?
Why couldn't this do 10 or even five years?
We live in a very special moment in history, a rare moment, where they conclude four disciplines that offer designers access to the tools that we never had access to before.
And in the intersection of these four fields, my team and I create.
Please know the minds and hands of my students.
We design objects, products, structures and tools through scale, large scale, like this robotic arm with a 24-year-old scope with a vibrating base that some day not very far to print entire buildings, and graphics to nano-stop graphics made from genetically modified microbial microbials.
Here we have reinvented the cell, an archetype of the ancient Arab architecture, and has created a screen where every opening is unique to model the shape of light and heat through it.
In our next project, we explored the possibility of creating a layer and a skirt -- this was for a fashion deployment of Paris with Iran van Harvard. It's like a second skin made from one piece -- right on the contents, flexible around the waist.
Together with 3D printing collaborator, we print this layer and hard 3D dragonflies between cells, and I'll show you more objects like that.
This helmet combined rigid materials and soft materials in the resolution of 20 microscopes.
This is the resolution of a human hair.
It's also the resolution of a C scanner.
That designers have access to this high-resolution analytical and synthetic instruments allow us to design products that adapt not only the shape of our bodies, but also the physiological structure of our tissues.
We've also designed an acoustic chair, a chair at the same time, comfortable and also absorbs sound.
The Carter Professor my collaborator come back to nature to inspire us, and by designing this irregular surface pattern, it becomes surgery.
We print this surface of 44 different properties, which vary in advance, operating and color, corresponds to pressure points in the human body.
Their surface, as in nature, would vary its functionality not through another material or another assembly, but variating continuously and definitely the material property.
But is it the ideal nature?
There are no parts in nature?
I wasn't raised in a religious Jewish home, but when I was young, my grandmother told me stories about the Bible Hebrew, and one of them was left and it came to define a lot of what matters me.
As she relates to her, "In the third day of the creation, God sent the Earth to grow a French tree, crazy tree."
For that first fragile tree, there would be no difference between tribe, branches and leaves and fruits and fruits ...
The whole tree was a fruit.
Instead, the land made trees with branches with branches and cortex, sticks and flowers.
The Earth created a world made of parts.
I often ask myself, "What would design be if the objects were made from one piece piece?
Will we go back to a better state of creation?
So we look for the biblical material, the kind of material of the fruit tree with fruit fruit, and we found it.
The second most abundant biologist on the planet is called the shark, and about 100 million tons are produced every year by organisms like shrimp, crabs and strengths and butterflies, markets.
We think that if we could synthesize their properties, we could generate frugal structures in one piece.
So that's what we did.
We call it legal marketing.  We asked a bunch of shadows of shrimp, we put them together and we produced the management rate.
Variation of chemical concentrations have been able to achieve a broad range of property, from dark, hard and operation, to light, soft and transparent.
To print the structures at a large scale, it was built a system with multiple controlled amounts of controlled extraordinary.
The robot could vary the properties of the material on the march and create these structures made from one material about three feet long, 100 percent recycling.
When the pieces are ready, they let them dry to find a natural way to the contact with air.
So why do we keep designing plastic?
The air bubbles that were a byproduct of the printing process were used to contain photographs that showed the first time on the planet three billion years ago, as we heard yesterday.
Together with our collaborators in Harvard and MIT, we increase the bacteria genetically designed to capture quickly carbon carbon and turn it into sugar.
For the first time, we've been able to generate structures that make their transition without a mouth of mouth, and if they extend even more, to windows.
A French tree loaded by fruit.
Working with an old material, one of the first forms of life on the planet, with abundant water and with a little bit of synthetic biology, we have transformed a structure made of shrimp from shrimp in an architecture that behaves like a tree.
And here is the best part -- for designers designed to biomessor, put in the sea, feed marine life, and put on the ground, will help grow a tree.
The airport for our next exploration using the same design principles was the solar system.
We look for the possibility of creating clothes to keep life for the international travel.
To do that, we need to dominate bacteria and control their flow.
So as the periodic table, we did our own table of elements, new forms of life created computer, made in additional form and arms in biological form.
I like to think of synthetic biology like liquid altitude, just instead of bringing precious metals -- new biological functions are synthesized within very small channels.
This field is called microbes.
We printed our own 3D channels to control the flow of these liquid bacterial crops.
In our first piece of clothes, two microbial microbes.
The first one is circumstance.
It lives in our oceans and in the freshwater standing.
And the second, E. Cold, the bacteria that inhabit the human intestine.
One turns the light into sugar, the other consumer community and produces useful biofuels for the built environment.
But these two microbes don't interact in nature.
In fact, they never met.
They're here, designed for the first time, to have a relationship in a piece of clothes.
Think about it as evolution, not natural selection, but evolution for design.
In order to contain these relationships, we've created a single channel that looks like the digestive tract that will help it flow these bacteria and to alter their function of path.
So we started growing those channels in the human body, providing the properties of material according to desired function.
If we wanted more photographs, we designed more transparent channels.
This particular digestive system, when it went from one end to another, about 60 meters.
This is half the length of a soccer field, and 10 times more than our thin intestine.
And here it is, as a primitive at TED, our first parallel photographer, blue liquid channels with life inside the clothing.
Thank you.
Mary Shelle said, "We're creature passes -- only half is done."
What if design would provide the other half.
What if we could create structures that increase living matter?
What if we could create personal microbes that would scan our skin, repair the damaged tissue and hold our bodies out?
Think about this as a way to edit biology.
I call this material ecology.
For that, you always have to go back to nature.
For now, you know that a 3D printer printed material in layers.
It also knows that nature doesn't do this.
Grow. Adam with sophistics.
This chair of the worm -- for example, creates a highly sophisticated architecture, a home within which they get metaphorically.
The non-violent manufacturing is about this level of sophistication.
It makes it through the combination of not two materials but two proteins in different concentration.
An act as a structure, the other one is the glue or the matrix, using those fibers each other.
And this happens through scales.
The silk worm is in the environment, creates a tension structure, and then starts to hunt a cocoon of compression.
tension and compression. The two forces of life, they manifest in a single material.
In order to understand better how this complex process works, we pasted a small magnet to the head of a silk worm to the ice.
We put it inside a box with magnetic sensors, and that allowed us to create this cloud of points in three dimensions and visualize the complex architecture of the silk worm of silk.
However, when you put the silk worm on a flat park, not within a box, we realized it would have a flat cocoon and still metabolize sanitation.
So we started designing different environments, different scaffolding and we've discovered that the shape, the composition, the structure of the cocoon is transmitted directly by the environment.
They often have the silk worms to the death within their cases, their silk gets rid and used in the textile industry.
So we saw that designing these plants we could shape the raw silk without boiling a single car.
They were managed to be sentenced, and we could create these things.
So we climbed this process to the architectural scale.
We had a hydrothermal robot making silk plants, and we put ourselves in our site.
We knew that silk supply worms towards more dark and cold areas, so we use a solar road diagram to reveal the distribution of light and heat in our structure.
So we created holes or abuse, to block the rays of light and heat, distribute the silk worms on the structure.
We were prepared to get the translators.
We asked six seven worms of silk to a silk silk farm.
And after you feed them four weeks, they were prepared to hurt with us.
We put them carefully on the lower edge of the scaffolding and as they were headlines, they came up, they get away, they put eggs, and life starts again, like us, but much, much more short.
Backwrike Fuller said that tension is the great integrity and it was right.
By hunting biological silk on the high store roboticists, they give all of this pavilion its integrity.
And in a little more than two or three weeks, 6,000 sun worms have 6,000 kilometers.
In a curious symmetry, this is also the length of the silk route.
The polices, after the equipment, they produce 1.5 million eggs.
This could be used for 250 additional pants in the future.
So here are the two visions of the world.
A ice silk through a robotic arm, the other car fall.
If the last frontier of design is to provide products and buildings that surround us, to form an ecology of two materials, designers must bring these two visions of the world.
Which brings us back, of course, at the beginning.
Here is a new era of design, a new era of creation, which brings us from an inspired design in nature to an inspired nature in design, which demands from us, for the first time that we're going to take charge of nature.
Thank you.
Thank you very much. Thank you.
Hands up if you've ever asked them, "What do you want to be more of you?
If you had to remember what age they had when they asked them for the first time this?
You can show it with fingers.
Three. Five. Three. Three. Five. Five.
Now, raise your hand if the question, "What do you want to be?
They've caused them some kind of anxiety.
Any anxiety.
I'm somebody who could never answer the question, "What do you want to be more of you?
The problem was not that I had no interest, but it had too much.
In school, I liked the English and the materials and the art and developed websites, and also, I played the guitar on a tube band called TED Ferrieged.
Maybe you've heard about us.
And I generally like to test and persist anyway, to have spent a lot of time and energy and sometimes money in this field.
But over time this feeling of abuse, this feeling of, this is no longer a challenge, it's going to get me.
And I have to leave it.
But then I was interested in another thing, something completely different, and I got away on it, and I let myself absorb and I feel "Yes." I've found my my month," and then again this point where I start to been bored.
And finally, I want to leave it.
But then I'd like to discover something new and different, and I'd like to get into that.
This pattern caused me a lot of anxiety for two reasons.
The first was because I wasn't sure how I was going to turn all this into a career.
I thought I had to choose one thing, to deny all of my other passions and give me a burning me.
Another reason why I got so much anxiety was a little more personal.
I was worried there was something wrong about this, and something wrong with me for not to define anything.
I was worried about being afraid of engagement, or being disappeared, or to supply or my own success.
If you can relate my story and these feelings, I would like to ask you something that I would like to have planted then.
Ask themselves, where they learned to allocate the meaning of evil or abnormal to do things.
I will tell you where they learned it, they learned it from culture.
We ask ourselves, "What do you want to be?
We have about five years old.
And the truth is that nobody cares about what you tell that age.
It's considered an naive question to cause cute answers in children like, "Be astronautic, or "I want to be pieced."
Imagine the Handela's designer here.
This question is done over and over again as we grow up in different ways, and I went on, to high school students are asked to be picked up in college.
And at some point, "What do you want to be more more?
It happens from being the cute exercise of before what the dream takes up.
Why?
While this question inspired kids to dream with what they might be, he didn't inspire to dream with everything they could be.
In fact, just the opposite. Because when somebody asks you what you want to be, you can't answer with 20 different things, even though adult adults might go out and say, "Oh, what cute, but you can't be artistic of violence and psychology.
You have to choose.
This is Dr. Bob Chiles --  -- and he is artist violence and psychologist.
And this Amy Nine, magazine editor built in an apple, company, teacher and creative director.
But most kids don't hear about people like this.
All you hear is they're going to have to choose.
But it's more than that.
The notion of focused life is very idealized in our culture.
It's this idea of the fate or the real vacuum, the idea that each of us has something to spend during their time in this land, and you have to figure out what that thing is and dedicate your life to it.
But if you're somebody who's not connected in this way?
What if there are many different issues that wake up their curiosity and many different things that he wants to do?
There's no place for someone like one in that frame.
And so you can feel alone.
You can feel that you don't have a goal.
And feeling there's something wrong with one.
There's nothing wrong in you.
You're a multi-hard.
A crowd is somebody with many interests and creative activities.
It's a bone that's going to say.
It could help if it's divided in three parts: multiple, potential and day.
You can also use other terms that contain the same idea, as a fruit, researcher.
During the Reverter time, the ideal was who was well on multiple disciplines.
Barbara Shanghai refers to us as standards."
They use any term you like or invent one itself.
It seems to me as a kind of adaptable to a community, we can't agree with one identity.
It's easy to see the crowd as a limitation or an alliance that you should see.
But what I've learned to talk to people and write about these ideas on my website, is that there are huge strengths by being like this.
Here are three multinational superpowers here.
One: ideas.
I mean, the combination of two or more fields and the creation of something new in the intersection.
Sam Hungary and Rachel Bingin expressed their interests shared in cartographic, data visualization -- travels, math and design, when he founded Massachuse.
Message is a company that creates geological jokes generous.
Shake and Rachel came up with this unique idea for his school mix of skills and experiences.
Innovation happens in intersections.
There are the new ideas.
And the multiple ones, with all their boxes, can access a lot of these points of interest.
The second multinational superpower is fast learning.
When the crowds are interested in something, we go to it.
We look at everything we can have in our hands.
We are used to be first, to have been a lot of times in the past, and this means we have less afraid of testing new things and coming out of our comfort areas.
A lot of skills are transparent to other disciplines, and we bring everything we've learned to every new area that we pick, so we rarely start from zero.
North Dune is a full-time journey and independent script.
As an amazing ability to develop the muscle memory.
Now she's the fastest mechanism.
Before I became a writer, it was a financial planning.
He had to learn the most fine sales of sales when he started their practices, and this ability helps him write compelling landscapes for editors for editors for editors to write it.
It's rarely a waste of time to give you what you're attracted to, even if you finally leave it.
It's possible to apply that knowledge in a completely different field, in a way that you couldn't have anticipated.
The third multinational superpower is adaptation. That is the ability to transform anything you need in a situation that is given to you.
Abed Carol is sometimes director of videos, others, websites, sometimes a collective state of Kickstarter, sometimes master times, and sometimes apparently, James Bonobo.
It's valuable because it does a good job.
He's even more valuable because he can take different roles -- depending on the needs of their clients.
The magazine Fascre Company defines adaptation as the most important skill for development, to thrive in the 21st century.
The economic world changes so quickly and impossible that they are the individuals and organizations that can persist to satisfy the needs of the market, the ones that will really thrive.
So sets of ideas, fast learning and adaptation, three skills where the musicians are very hard, and three skills that could be lost if they're ready to reduce their goals.
As a society, we have a great interest to encourage the mutations to be themselves.
We have complex problems, multi-controlled problems, and we need creative creative thinkers to deal with them.
Let's say they're in your heart, specialists.
They came out of the belly knowing they wanted to be pediatric neuroscience.
Don't worry, there's nothing wrong in you either.
In fact, some of the best teams are made out of a specialists and a shared crowd.
And the specialists can dive deep and put into practice ideas, and the crowd offers a broad of knowledge to the project.
It's a beautiful relationship.
But we should all design lives and careers that are translated with how we are connected.
And unfortunately, the crowds in large parts are encouraged to just be more like their specialized partners.
I once said this, if there's one thing that you take from this talk, I hope it's this: reconcile with the internal cord, whatever it is.
If you are a heart specialist, then you have a space for all media.
That's where you will give the best of yes.
But for the crowds in the room, including those who just realized being one of them in the last 12 minutes,  I say, recognitive with their many passions.
They follow their curiosity for those rabbit marriages.
They explore the intersections.
Opening our internal wiring leads us to a more authentic and happy life.
And maybe the most important thing, the world needs us."
Thank you.
In 1911, a woman named Australia took it to a psychiatric in Frank.
August delivered and couldn't remember even the most basic details of his life.
His doctor was called Alice Allenes.
Allenes didn't know how to help Australia, but I was walking through it, until unfortunately, I failed in 1960.
After his death, Alice did a self-assembly and found strange and violent plates in the Australia brain, a guy who never seen before.
The most amazing thing.
If Australia had been alive today, we couldn't give it more aid than the people who had been given 125 years ago.
Allenes was Dr. Alhahidvid Alzheimer's Dr.
And Australia Detait, the first patient to get a diagnosis that we now call Alzheimers disease.
Since 2001 the medicine has advanced a lot.
antibiotics have discovered antibiotics and vaccines to protect us from infection, many treatments for cancer, antibiotics for HIV, statistics for cartoons and much more.
But it has been done in the treatment of Alzheimer's treatment.
I'm part of a team of scientists who work to find a cure for Alzheimer's for more than a decade.
So I think about this all the time.
Alzheimer's now affects 40 million worldwide.
But in 2050, it will affect 150 million that, by the way, including many of you.
If you wait to live up to the 85 or more, the possibility of Alzheimer's going to be almost one in two.
In other words, there is the likelihood that they spend their golden years with Alzheimer's or helping to take care of a friend or to be loved with Alzheimer's.
In the United States, Alzheimer's care costs 200 billion dollars every year.
One of five dollars of medical assistance is spent in Alzheimers disease.
Today it's the most expensive disease -- and their costs provide an increase of five times in 2050, as I aging the generation of the baby boom.
You may surprise them, but Alzheimer's is one of the biggest medical and social challenges of our generation.
But it's done relatively little to fight it.
One of the top 10 causes of death all over the world, Alzheimer's the only one that can't prevent you, cure or even replace its development.
We understand less than Alzheimer's than other diseases because we've invested less time and money in the research.
The U.S. government spends 10 times more every year in cancer research than in Alzheimer's despite the fact that it costs us more Alzheimer's and causes a similar number of deaths like cancer.
The lack of resources is due to a more fundamental cause, the lack of consciousness.
Because this is what a few people know about, but everybody should say, "The Alzheimer's is a disease, and we can cure it.
For most of the last hundred years, all of them, even scientists, confused Alzheimer's with aging.
We think it will be sensory in a normal and inevitable part of aging.
But there is only a picture of a healthy aging brain compared to a patient of Alzheimer's patient to see the real physical damage caused by this disease.
In addition to definition a severe loss of memory and mental skills, harm to the blood caused by Alzheimer's reducing life expectancy and is always deadly.
Remember, Dr. Alzheimer's found plates and strange spinal spinal in the Australia brain a century ago.
For almost a century, we didn't know a lot about this.
Today we know that they're made from molecules of protein.
You can think of a protein molecule as a piece of paper that folds like an origami.
There are places on the paper that are penguines.
And when you fold it, these sticky dots end up inside the inside.
But sometimes things go wrong, and some sticky dots stay on the outside.
This makes the protein molecules from each other, forming groups that can form large plates and collaborators.
That's what we see in the patient's brain with Alzheimer's brain.
We've spent the last 10 years at Cambridge University trying to understand how this discovery works.
There are lots of steps, and the idea of what happens to block is complex -- like describing a bomb.
To cut a cable could do anything.
Current can make the bomb explode.
You have to find the right step that blocked it, and then create a drug that does it.
Until recently, most of them have reduced the wires and waiting the best.
But now there's a diverse group of people, doctors, biologists, genes, chemicals, physicists, engineers and math.
And together, we've managed to identify a critical step in the process. Now it's testing a new kind of drugs that block specifically this step to stop disease.
I'm going to show you some of our last results.
Nobody outside our lab has seen it yet.
Let's look at a few videos of what happened when we tested these drugs in worms of it.
These are the healthy worms and you can see that they move with normal.
These worms on the other hand, have protein molecules that are paid between each other, like in humans with Alzheimer's with Alzheimer's.
And you can see that they're clearly sick.
But by giving our new drugs to these worms at a early stage, then we see they heal and live a normal life.
This is just a positive initial outcome, but research like this shows that Alzheimer's is a disease that we can understand and cure.
After 125 years of hope, there's real hope of what can be achieved in the next 10 or 20 years.
But in order to grow that hope, to beat Alzheimer's, we need help.
It's not about scientists like me, it's about you.
We need to convince that Alzheimer's is a disease, and that if we tried, we can see it.
In the case of other diseases, the patients and their families have taken more research and exercise pressure on governments, pharmaceutical industry, about scientists and legislators and legislation.
That was essential to move on the treatment of HIV in the late 1980s.
Today we see that same unit to beat cancer.
But Alzheimer's patients often can't talk for themselves.
And their families, the hidden victims of their loved ones day and night, are often too disappeared to go out and advocate for change.
So it really depends on you.
Alzheimer's is not a genetic disease.
Everybody with a brain runs the risk.
Today, there are 40 million patients like Australia, who can't create the change they need for themselves.
They help speak for them, and they help to demand a cure.
Thank you.
He published this article at the New York Modern column in the New York Times, in January this year.
To love somebody, do this.
The article is about a psychological study, designed to create romantic love in the lab, and my own experience by testing it myself one night last summer.
So the procedure is pretty simple: two strangers are taken to ask for 36 more and more personal questions, and then both of them look at the eyes without speaking for four minutes.
Here's a couple of questions of example.
Number 12: If you could wake tomorrow with a quality or ability, what would it be?
Number 28 -- when was the last time you cry to another person?
And alone?
As you move forward, these are increasingly personal.
Number 30, I really like it. Tell your partner what you thank you about him or her, I know very honest this time, and I gave things that you would not say to somebody who has known somebody who has known.
When I stumbled with this study a few years ago, a detail really called me the attention, the joke that two of the participants had married six months later and invited all of the lab to the ceremony.
So, I was skeptical about this process of making romantic love, but, of course, I was also integrated.
And when I had the time to test this study, with somebody who knew not particularly very well, I didn't expect to fall in.
However, we fell in, and I thought it was a good story, so I sent it to the column love Modern a few months later.
That was published in January, and now it's already aggressive, so I guess some of you probably ask yourself, follow together?
And the reason I think you realize this is because you've done this question over and over the last seven months.
And this question is just what I want to talk about today.
But let's go back to the subject.
A week before the article was published, the article was very nervous.
I had been working on a romantic book in the last few years, so I had used to write about my experience in romantic love in my blog.
But a blog entry can come to some hundreds of views as a lot, and those were usually just my Facebook friends, and I imagine that my article in the New York Times would actually reach a few thousand views.
And that is a good amount of attention in a relatively new relationship.
But as he said, I had no idea.
The article posted on a Friday at night, and already the Saturday, this happened in the traffic of my blog.
And the Sunday was already called me the "Computer Show and the Google Moran America.
In a month, the article received more than eight million views, and I was, for saying something, little prepared for this kind of attention.
One thing is to encourage trust writing with sync of amazing experiences, but another thing is to discover that the loving life of one has been international news  and that people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship.
And when people call or write, what they did every day for weeks, they were always asking the same question: Are they still following together?
In fact, when I was preparing this talk, I made a quick search on the mailbox of my email with the phrase, "Well, still together?
And several messages appeared immediately.
They were students and journalists and corners like this.
They interviewed me in the radio and they asked it.
I even gave a talk, and a woman screamed up to the stage, "Hey, Man Mandela where is your government?
And I immediately got red.
I understand this is part of the treatment.
If you write about your relationship in an international day, you should expect people to feel comfortable asking about it.
But I wasn't prepared for the research of the answer.
The 36 questions seemed to have covered life itself.
In fact, the New York Times published an article for San Valley, who included the experiences of readers when we test the study in them with different degrees of success.
So, my first impulse to all this attention was to be very reserved with my own relationship.
I said not every request that we both did a public appearance together.
I had a television interviews, and you recovered the requests of photos of us.
I think I was afraid to become the investigated icons of the famous process. A range of which I didn't feel at the absolute catalyst.
And I understand that people didn't want to know only if the study worked, they wanted to know whether it really worked, or whether it was able to produce enduring love, not just an adventure, but real love, loved love.
But this was a question that I didn't feel able to answer.
My relationship had just a few months, and I felt, especially that people would pose the wrong question.
How do we know whether we go together or not, and then do that?
If the answer was not, would it make the experience of asking these 36 less interesting questions.
Dr. Arthur Argu wrote first about these questions in this same study in 1997, and there, the goal of the researcher was not to produce romantic love.
Instead, I was looking for an international approach between college students, using what Darwin called sustained personal openness, programmers and record.
Sounds romantic sounds right?
But the study does work.
The participants were more close to doing it. Several post-controlled studies were also used by the Arab African protocol, as a quick way of creating trust and interaction between strangers.
They have used between members of police and community, and they've used it among people of opposite political ideology.
The original version of history, which I tested last summer, who combined personal questions with four minutes of visual contact, was quoted in this article, but unfortunately never published.
A few months ago, I was giving a talk in a little liberal arts university, and then a student came up to me and told me with spilliaries, I tried the study and didn't work.
He seemed discouraged for it.
And I said, "Do you want to say you love the person who did it?
Well, he made a pause.
I think she just wants us to be friends.
And I said, "But did they become better friends.
Do you feel that you were able to know better after testing the study?
The vision.
So, I was like, "I said.
However, I don't think that was the answer that he was looking for.
In fact, I don't think it's the answer that none of you are looking for when it comes to love.
I stumbled up with the study for the first time when I was 29 and I was going through a really difficult separation.
I had that relationship since I was 20, which was pretty much all my adult life, and he was my first real love, and he had no idea how or he could live without him.
So I became the science.
I investigate everything I could find about romantic love science, and I expected that that could actually be vaccinated by the heart.
I don't know if I realized this at the moment, I thought I just researched for the book that I wrote but in retrospect, it seems really obvious.
I thought that if I was treated with the knowledge of romantic love, I would never have to feel as bad and only I felt then.
And all of this knowledge has been useful in one way or another.
I'm more patient with love. I'm more relaxed.
I have more confidence to demand what I for.
But I can also see me more clearly, and I can realize that what I'm looking for is sometimes more than I really can demand me.
What I'm looking for love is a guarantee -- not just being loved today and being loved tomorrow, but that I'm going to keep being loved by the person I love.
It may be that this is the guarantee that people asked when they wanted to know whether we were still together.
The story that the media told about the 36 questions is that there can be a shortcut to love.
There can be a way to somehow kill some of the implicit risk, and this is a very backward story, because we love to feel beautifully, but it's also frightening.
But I think when it comes to love, we're very willing to accept the short version of history.
The version of the story that I ask, still still together?
And their content with an answer of yes or not.
So more than a question, I would propose we ask more difficult questions, questions like, how do you decide who you deserve your love and who doesn't?
How do you stay in love when things are complicated, and how do you know when to cut and get away?
How do you live with uncertainty that inevitably leads a relationship? Or even more, how do you live with the doubt of your parent?
I don't know the answers to these questions, but I think they're a good beginning to have a more reflective conversation about what it means to love someone.
So if you want the brief version of my relationship, it's this: a year ago, a known and I applied a study designed to create romantic love, we love, we still follow together, and I'm very happy.
But love is not the same thing that will remain love.
Looking at is the easy part.
So at the end of my article wrote, "Love didn't happen.
Let's stay in love because we take the choice of being it.
And I got a little bit about reading it now, not because it's not true, but because at the time, I hadn't considered everything that was supposed to be that choice.
I won't consider how many times we would have both to make that decision, and how many times I will keep doing that choice without knowing before he will always choose me or not.
I want it to be enough to have done and answer 36 questions, having chosen to love someone so generous and nice, and fun and have expressed that choice in the largest daily of America.
But what I've done, instead, is to turn my relationship into the kind of myth that I don't really think about.
And what I'm looking for, and what maybe I'm going to spend my life looking at is that that myth is true.
I want the happy end in the title of my article -- which is proposed, the only part of the article that I really didn't write.
But what I have in change is the opportunity to choose someone, and the hope that he will love me, and it's frightening, but that's the deal with love.
Thank you.
I was raised by a few legs in full mountain and in a way, I came up with a forest of the forest.
And the city in New York City does a time.  Something that really affected me but more detail forward.
I'll start with when I was eight years old.
I took a wooden box, and I put a dollar bill from a dollar, a feather and a fork in it somewhere in Colorado.
And I thought that some strange humans or some aliens would find this box about 500 years later and learn how our species exchange ideas, for example, how we eat species.
I had no idea.
Anyway, it has because here I am, 30 years later, and I'm still doing boxes.
At a given moment I was in Hawaii -- I like to go from exception and surround and all those weird things, and I was making a colleague for my mother.
And I took a dictionary and I pulled up all the pages and I made a kind of calculative cell clips to the Agnes Martin State, the rest covered and a bee was caught up.
Well, my mother is afraid of bees and it's allergic to them, so I added more resistant in the canvas, thinking I could hide it.
Instead, the opposite thing happened -- somehow it seemed like it went out of size, as if you were to look at the text with a magnifying culture.
So I built more boxes.
This time, I started adding electronic elements, frogs, strange bottles that I was finding on the street, everything I could find, because I was looking for things all my life, trying to relate to them and tell stories about these objects.
So I started drawing around the objects, and I realized that God can draw in space.
I can flow thrown throws, draw the same way around a car on the crime scene.
And I took the objects and I created my own scanning taxo-state taxi.
First of all, buttons, what you can do an idea.
Then I made some insects and weird creatures.
It was very fun to draw on the restate layers.
And it was great, because I started riding exhibitions and those things, and I was winning some money, to bring my girlfriend to dinner, for example, go to Smitherness.
It was great, man.
And at some point I was interested in the human form, successful risk sculptures with drawings of human beings inside layers.
It was great, except for one thing: I died.
I didn't know what to do, because the resistance was going to kill me.
And I went to bed every night thinking about it.
So I tried to use glass.
I started drawing on the glass layers, similar to the drawing in a window, then in another window and another window, and I had all these windows together that formed a three-dimensional composition.
And this really worked, and I could stop using the resin, and so on.
So I did this for years, and my work with something very big, which I call "Trailer."
To the Transition, I was inspired by the "lot of the Deathserger of The System of Historians Brooklyn which is a painting in the Museum of Prize in Spain.
Do you know it?
Well, it's a fantastic picture.
They say it's a little bit ahead of their time.
Well, the Tracking." I'll explain this piece.
It weighs 11,000 pounds.
50 feet long.
It has double faces, so it's 10 meters of compassion.
It's a little bit weird.
Well, that's the source of blood.
On the left is Jesus and the landscapes.
There's a cave where all these creatures with animal heads travel between two worlds.
They go from the world of representation to this analog male where they hide.
This is where the creatures with animal heads are headed to the stage, ready to save mass breaking in the ocean.
The ocean is comprised of thousands of elements.
This is a god boy tied to a scary.
Billy Graham is in the sea, the Horoze -- the oil platform of the spider. Wall, the Osama Bin Laden's shelter -- there are all kinds of weird things that you can find if you look very well in the ocean.
Anyway, also a kind of a computer.
He's coming out of the ocean, and he spit oil in a hand while the other hand comes up with clouds.
Their hands are like balances, and it looks like a mythological being that keeps the Earth and the cosmos in balance.
So it's an aspect of the traditional.
It's a little narrative.
That's the hand I spit in.
And then when you go to the other side, it has a transparency, like a bird pig, and I spit clouds of this transparency.
It also has a 50 feet long.
Anyway, his tail is leading fire when they put on a volume.
I don't know why that happened.
Things that happen, you know.
His tail ends up in a colonial colonial balloon balloon made from 1986 terrorist cards.
Have you seen them?
They were done in the 1980s, as if they were baseball cards of terrorists.
Very ahead of your time.  This brings me to my last project.
I'm in the middle of two projects, you call people photographer."
It's a six-year-old project to do 100 of these human beings.
Each is a archive of our culture, through media and material are encyclopedia, dictionary or journals.
But each act acts as a kind of archive in ways of being human, and they travel in groups of 20, four or 12 at the same time.
They're like cells, they come together, they are divide.
And you can walk between them. It's taking years.
Each one is basically a microscope protein that weighs 1,300 pounds with a human trapped on its inside.
This is a little cave in the chest.
That's the head -- there's the chest -- you can get the input in.
I'll be accompanied by the rest of the body -- there's a waterfall that comes out of the chest, and it covers the penis or not the novel, or whatever it is, a kind of analogy thing.
It's a quick rest of these works because I can't explain it for a long time.
We have layers, you can see.
This is a body part of half.
This has two heads and it's communicating between the two.
There are a few pills that come out and go into the head of this strange status.
There is a little forest scene inside the tropical care.
Can you see it?
Anyway, this talk is about these boxes, just like the boxes we live in.
We're in a box, the solar system is a box.
This brings me to my last box.
It's a brick box. It's called Penguin Worlds.
In this box there's a physicist -- a neuroscience, a painting, a musician, a writer, a radio, a radio, a museum, a school, a publishing arm that spread all the content we do in the world, and a garden.
We keep the box and all people inside each other as particles.
And I think that's how we change the world.
When you redefine who you're living in.
And together we get to realize that we're all together in this, that this illusion that we are different, these concepts of the countries, of the borders, of religion, doesn't work.
We're all very made of the same matter and the same box.
And if we don't start exchanging those things with slipper and usually we're all going to die very soon.
Thank you very much.
What do you do when you get your head?
Take a spirit.
But so that this pill is going to have an effect against pain, first of all, the storms and other organs.
To take a pill is the most effective and increasing system so that any Syrian drug effect in the body.
The disaster, however, is that when you bring it any drugs you disappear.
And this is a big problem, especially in patients with HIV.
When they take antiretroviral drugs, these serve to decrease the amount of viruses in the blood, and increase the CO2 cell.
But they're also known for their adverse side effects, in their most negative negative, because in the time they try to get to the blood current, they disappear, and the worse even the time they try to get to their destination, which is where it's more important, in the warehouse of HIV.
These are regions of the body like the lymph lymph glasses, the nervous system, the lungs, where the virus is innovative, and it doesn't easily enter the blood tower of patients who are subjected to regular therapy with antiretroviral drugs.
However, after the introduction of treatment, the virus can wake up and infect new blood cells.
This is the big problem with the treatment of HIV with the current drugs that are a life treatment treatment by the road.
One day, I sat down and I thought, "Could we get the treatment directly to the warehouse.
As a scientific expert in lasers -- the answer was in front of me.
If you use in help, for the care of wounded and diabetes, you can be used for anything unimaginable -- including the extracellular transport of drugs.
In fact, we're already using laser pulses to open or drill extremely small holes, which open and close almost immediately the cells infected with HIV to introduce drugs.
The best people are asked, "How is that possible?
We sent a little laser beam on the cell membrane infected by HIV while these cells are embedded in a liquid that contains the drug.
The laser goes through the cell, whereas the cell absorbs the drug in a matter of microscopes.
Before you even realize the hole is immediately related.
We're currently testing this technology in vitro or Peter plates, but the goal is to take this technology to the human body, apply to the human body.
"How is that possible? You can ask.
Well, the answer is, through a three-dimensional device.
With the first head, which is our laser, we're going to make an income in the place of infection.
The second head, which is a camera, goes to the infection site.
Finally, the third head, an insect that distributes the drug, releases it directly on the infection site, while laser is used again to keep the cells open.
Well, this doesn't seem a lot of time.
But one day, if it's successful, this technology can lead to total eradication of HIV in the body.
Yeah. A cure for HIV.
This is the dream of all HIV researchers, in our case, a laser treatment.
Thank you.
In the last decade, I've been studying the non-violent groups, armed organizations like terrorists, installation or military.
document what these groups do when they're not shooting on.
My goal is to understand the better of these generations of violence and study ways to encourage the transition of violent participation to nonviolent conflict.
I do work work, in the world of politics and in the library.
Understanding these groups is key to solving almost every conflict in course, because war has changed.
It used to be a distinction between states.
Not anymore.
It's now a conflict between states and non-governmental actors.
For example, from the 21st-century peace agreements signed between 1975 and 2011, 196 were signed between a state and a non-governmental actor.
So we need to understand these groups, and we should even understand them or defeat them in any particular conflict process.
But how do we do that?
We have to know what motivates these organizations.
We know the reasons why they fight, how do they do it, but nobody looks at what they do when they don't fight.
The armed struggle and the political pulses are related.
It's all part of the same organization.
We can't understand these groups, not much less to defeat them, without a global vision.
The armed groups of today are complex organizations.
For example, Liberian Lebertake, known for its violent training against Israel.
From their creation in the 1980s, He has also established a political party -- a network of social services and a military device.
Similarly, the Human Palestinian known for his suicide attacks against Israel, also administrated Gaza France since 2007.
So these groups do more than just shooting on.
They're multiplied.
They set up a complex machinery of communication, radio stations, TV channels, Internet websites and strategies in social networks.
And here is the magazine of Ststers, printed in English and published to recover.
The armed groups also invest in a complex restoration of nonprofits without sweets, but by restorative businesses, for example, construction companies.
These activities are key.
They allow these groups to increase their strength, increase their funds to recruit better and build their brand.
Artist groups also do something else: create stronger ties with their population investing in social services.
They build schools, they manage hospitals, they put professional training programs or microbestral formation.
Headbirh offers all of these services and more.
The armed groups also try to conquer the population offering something that is not a brain, security and protection.
The rise of the Taliban in an Afghanistan torn through the war or even the beginning of the Islam attack, can also understand the efforts of these groups for delivering safety.
Unfortunately, in these cases, security has an incredibly elevated price for the population.
But in general, providing social services means filling a vacuum, a gap leaves the government, and it allows these groups to strengthen and increase their power.
For example, the election victory of 2006 the Palestinian Hamas cannot understand the social work of the group.
It's a really complex stage, even in the West, when we look at the armed groups, we just think about the violent side.
But that's not enough to understand the strengths of these groups, the strategy or the long-term vision.
These groups are hybrid hunters.
They grow because they fill gaps left by the government, and they emerge as armed and political groups, they participate in violent struggle and they give governance.
And the more complex and more sophisticated things are these organizations, less we can categorize it as something opposite to a state.
How do you call a group like Hello?
They dominate part of a territory, they manage all of their functions, they collect the garbage, they manage the sewer system.
Is it a state?" Is it a reserve group?
Or maybe it's another thing, something new and different.
And what is ISAS?
The lines are destroyed.
We live in a world of states without state and hybrid nations and the more weak the states are, as in the Middle East today, the more they intervene and fill that gap the non-governmental actors.
This is important for governments, because to counter these groups will have to invest more in not military tools.
filling that government vacuum has to be at the center of any sustainable approach.
This is very important to establish and consider peace.
If we understand the armed groups, we will understand better what incentives to offer to foster the transition of violence to nonviolent violence.
In this new slide between states and non-state actors, military power can win some batteries, but not to give us peace or stability.
In order to achieve these targets we need long-term investments to fill that security vacuum, to fill that government vacuum that allowed these groups to thrive in a principle.
Thank you.
I'm a failure as a woman and as a feminist.
My opinions about gender equality are vehicles, but I fear that accepting the "Francis tag would be unfair for the females.
I'm a feminist but pretty bad.
And therefore I was automatically automatically automatically automatically announced.
Or, at least I wrote an article and a book called "The Male Female," and then in the interviews, people started calling me the Mala Family.
So what started as a personal joke destined to myself and a deliberate care, has become something larger.
Let me give a step back.
When I was young, especially in my youth and 20 years old, I had strange ideas on the feminists, these furry women, angry with the men and they hated sex -- as if that was something bad.
Today, I see how women are treated around the world and anger, in particular, seems a perfectly reasonable answer.
But at that time, I was worried about the tone that I was using people when I insisted that it could be feminist.
Being tagged as a feminist was a concern, a taboo and disabled.
They tagged me as a woman who doesn't follow the rules, who ask too much, with high self-esteem.
Nobody wants to be that woman restricted, until it realizes that it's actually that woman, and you can't imagine being another person.
Over time, as I was growing up, I started accepting that I am, in fact, feminist and also, proud of being done.
For me, certain claims are incredible. Women are equal to men.
We deserve the same step for the same job.
We have right to travel around the world as we want, free of acts or violence.
We have right to use easy and accessible announces and reproductive services.
We have the right to decide about our bodies, without legislative control or electronics documentary.
We have the right to the respect.
There are more.
When you talk about the needs of women, you need to have our other identities.
We're not just women.
We are people with a different body, expression of gender, religion and sexuality -- social condition, skills and much more.
We need to have these differences and how they affect us, the same way that matters what we have in common.
Without this kind of inclusion, our feminism is nothing.
For me, these truths are conscious, but to be clear -- I'm a disaster.
I'm full of contradictions.
There's a lot of things that make me a bad feminist of it.
I have another confession.
When I go to work, I hear music rap flat to all volume.
Although the letter degraded to women and offered me deeply -- the classic "Saldy's Shakespeare, from the King Anna Twin is amazing.
Make it true with your shoulder shirt.
Per, damage, move until you give you the shooting."
Think about it.
Point poetry, right?
I'm completely engineered by my musical taste.
I firmly believe in the work of man, which is all that I don't want to do, including --  -- all the domestic tasks but also killing insects, the collection of garbage and the care of the story and the maintenance maintenance of it.
I don't want to have anything to do with that.
The pink is my favorite color.
I enjoy fashion magazines and beautiful things.
I can see "The Backaman and the romantic comedy and I have absurd fantasies of the fairy stories that make it happen.
Some of my deliveries are more described.
If a woman wants to adopt his husband's target, it's his choice, and I'm not who to judge it.
If a woman decides to stay at home to raise his children, I accept that choice, too.
The problem is not that it becomes economically vulnerable through this same choice, the problem is that our society is configurated so that it makes women economically vulnerable when they choose women.
Let's solve this problem.
I reject conventional feminism that has ignored or desperately desperately deserved the needs of women in color, workers and threats and transparent, for white women, helicopters, middle class and high.
Listen to that, if that's a good feminist I'm a very bad female.
The next thing -- as a feminist -- I feel a lot of pressure.
So we have this tendency to put family from a pension.
We hope that they go to perfect.
When they tell us, we took them with a lot of taste from the same pension where we put them.
As I said, I'm a disaster -- I already consider that paint before they try to stand there.
Too many women, particularly innovators and sector leaders are afraid of being tagged as feminists.
They are afraid to stand up and say, "Yes, I'm a feminism, for fear of what that tag means -- by fear that I can't be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
Take for example to Beijing, or like I call it the God.
In the last few years, it's a declined feminist in the last few years.
In the Video Museum Adams in 2014, in MTL, I was acting in front of the word "100 meters tall.
It was a magnificent show, looking at this pop star embracing the feminism and making women and young men who will be feminist is something to be proud of.
Last time, cultural critics started endless debates if Beijing was or not quite feminine.
They calculate their feminism instead of simply believing the word of an adult and mature woman.
We demand perfection of the feminist because we're still fighting for a lot, we want a lot, we need so much to do a lot.
We go far beyond the sensible and constructive critic to design the feminist of any woman, to turn it up until nothing left.
We don't need to do that.
The evil feminist, or rather, a more inclusive feminist is the point of part.
But what happens next?
We went from recognizing our impressions to realize -- go to action and be a little bit more valuable.
If I listen to degradial music, I'm creating a demand for artists that would be more happy to provide an unlimited supply.
These artists will not change their way to talk about women in their songs until we demand change effectively affecting their profit.
No doubt is hard.
Why does his music have to be so prayed?
It's hard to choose something better and so easy to justify a worse choice.
But when bad decisions are justify that makes it more difficult for women to achieve equality, the equality that we all deserve and is our responsibility.
I think of my nieces of three and four years.
It's two big, decisive and brilliant girls, and also very courageous -- I want you to grow up in a world.
Where they are appreciated by the strong creatures that they are.
I think of them, suddenly, the best option was blowing as a much easier thing to do.
We can all make better decisions.
We can change the channel when a television program treats sexual violence against women as a sport -- the Trom of Troops.
We can change the radio emissions when we hear songs that treat women like nothing.
We can spend our money to go to cinema elsewhere when movies don't treat women more than decorative objects.
We can stop supporting professional sports where athletes treat their classmates as bone sands.
In any case, men, especially white men, helicopters can say, "No, I'm not going to publish in your magazine, participate in your project, or work with you, until it doesn't include a enough number of women, so much to participate how to make decisions.
I'm not going to work with you until your publication, or your organization is more inclusive with a wider range of people."
Those of us who are reported but invited to participate in these kinds of projects, we can also refuse to be included until more of us are welcome to overcome barriers to decision puts to decision.
Because we are not first pennies. Without these efforts without adopting these positions. Our achievements are going to mean very little.
We can make these little acts of courage and hope that our decisions get to the top, to people in the power power and movie producers and music and music, CEOs, legislation, people who can take big decisions, more courageous and create a durable and significant change.
We can also claim our feminism -- well, bad, or anything to be.
The last line of my book "Male Female," says, "It would be a bad feminist to not be at all.
This is true because of a lot of reasons, but I say, especially because I put my voice was stolen and the feminism helped me back.
There was a incident.
I call it unconscious to cope with what happened.
And a few kids would bend me when I was very young, and I didn't know the kids can do this to a girl.
They treated me as if it was nothing.
I started believing that it was nothing.
And then they stole my voice, and after I all don't dare to believe that I could say something that might matter.
But I was writing.
And he went back to me.
I read in a stronger version of myself.
I read the words of those women who could understand a story like mine, and the women who looked like me and understood what it meant to live in this world if you have the brown skin.
I read the words of women who showed me that it was nothing.
I learned to write like them, and then I learned to write as myself.
I found my voice again, and I started to believe that my voice is powerful beyond what you can measure.
Through the writing and feminism -- I also found that if it was a little bit brave, another woman could take me and see me and realize that none of us is nothing that the world is trying to tell us that we are.
In a hand, I have the power to achieve anything.
And in the other, I support the humble reality that I'm just a woman.
I'm a bad feminist -- I'm a good woman, I'm trying to improve my thinking, what I say and what I do, without leaving everything that makes me human.
I hope we could all do the same thing.
I hope we could all be a little bit value, when you need that value.
Just after Christmas last year, 133 children in California had survived by having visited Disney or to be exposed to someone who had been there.
The virus then went through the border with Canada, infected over 100 children in Cole.
One of the tragic things about this outbreak is that the measles that can be fatal for a child with a weakened immune system, is one of the most easily preventable diseases in the world.
There is an effective vaccine against this from over half a century -- but many of the kids involved in the Disney outbreak had not been vaccinated because their parents were afraid of something supposedly worse, the autism.
But a moment, was it not the article that unleashed the policy about autism and description vaccines, and declared by being a fraud deliberate by the British Medical Journal Joan?
Do you not believe most intelligent scientists than the theory that vaccines cause autism is a stuff?
I think most of you know, but millions of parents around the world are still going to keep the vaccines in danger to their children of having autism.
Why?
Here's why.
This is a graph of the rise of autism increase over time.
For most of the 20th century, autism was considered a very rare disease.
The few psychologists and papers that I heard about it create all its professional life without seeing one case.
For decades, prevalence estimates followed stable just three or four children per 10,000 children.
But then, in the 1990s, the numbers started to stay.
For fund recovery organizations like Australia Special association of autism as an epidemic as if I could be able to get a child from another child in Disneyland.
What's going on?
If you're not the vaccines, what is it?
If you ask people in the Middle Disease Control Center what's going on, they tend to be based on phrases like "market" disabled critics, and a better case detection to explain these growing numbers.
But that kind of language doesn't draw a lot of the fears of a young mother who searches on the face of his two year-old son, the visual contact.
If the diagnostic criteria had to expand, why were they so reduced at the beginning?
Why were the cases of autism so difficult to find before the 1990s.
Five years ago, I decided to discover the answers to these questions.
I learned that what happened has less to do with the slow and critical progress of science than with the secret power of the narrative.
For most of the 20th century, doctors told a story about what autism is and how it was discovered, but that story turned out to be fake, and the consequences of the same are having a devastating impact in global public health.
There was a second more accurate story of autism that had been lost and forgotten in the dark corners of clinical literature.
This second story tells us all about how we get here and where we need to go.
The first story begins with a child psychiatrist Leo Kanda, from the Johns Hopkins Hospital. In 1983, Danny published an article that describes 11 young patients who seemed to be living private worlds, and people around their own parents.
They could fun for hours by shaking their hands before their faces, but they were prisoners of the panic because they didn't put their favorite toy in their usual place without knowing them.
On the base of patients treated in their clinic, Danny speculated that autism is very rare.
By the 1950s, as a major authority of the world in the subject, declared that he had seen less than 150 true cases of their syndrome while harvesting reference from places as far as South Africa.
This is actually not to extract because Danny criteria for autism diagnosis were very restricted.
For example, I was able to give that diagnosis to children with conventions, but now we know that epilepsy, it's very common in autism.
Once he was capitalized that he had turned nine out of 10 children who were sent by other doctors to his consumer to be autistic without giving them a diagnosis of autism.
Kandela was a smart man, but part of his theories were not true.
It classified autism as a form of child psychologists caused by cold parents and stacked.
These kids, he said, "Have been carefully kept in a refrigerator.
At the same time, though, Danny noticed that some of his young patients had special skills that are clustering in certain areas like music, mathematics and memory.
One of the kids in their clinic could distinguish between 18 symphony before they were going to turn the two years.
When his mother put one of his favorite films, he correctly said, "Bean."
But Danny had a bad opinion of these skills, by adding things like children were just registering what they had heard of their parents, desperate to win their paradigm.
As a result, autism became a source of shame for families, and two generations of autistic children were sent to institutions for their own good, becoming invisible for the world in general.
And amazingly, it wasn't until the 1970s, that researchers started to test Danny theory that autism was weird.
Lord Win, cognitive psychologist in London, I thought the theory of Kandan youth mothers was quite stupid.
She and his husband John were warm and affectively, and they had a profound autistic daughter called Susie.
Lord and John knew how hard it was to raise a girl like Susia without support services, without special education, and without access to other resources without a diagnosis.
To defend before the National Health Service, they needed more resources for autistic children and their families, Lord and his colleague Judith Gould decided to do something that has been done 30 years before.
They did a prevalence of autism prevalence in the general population.
They painted a suburb from London called Cambridge to try to find autistic children in the community.
What they saw was clear that the Kannery model was too limited, because the reality of autism was much more color and fun.
Some kids could not talk at all, while others were failing in their fascination by astronomy, in dinosaurs or in the general region.
In another way, these kids didn't fit into beautiful and associated books, as Judith said, and they saw a lot of them, much more than the monolithic model of Kanzi would have predicted.
At first, they were lost to try to make sense of their data.
How did no one have done these children before?
But then Lord found a reference to an article published in German in 1944, the next year to the Kanda article -- and then he was forgotten, buried under the ashes of a terrible time that nobody wanted to remember.
Danny knew about this competition of competition, but he avoided depressed to mention it in his own work.
There was not even a translation to English, but luckily, the husband of Lord spoke German, and he translated it for her.
The document offers an alternative story of autism.
His author was a man named Hans Asperger, who ran a clinic integrated with a school in Vienna, in the 1930s.
The ideas of Asperger's to teaching children with learning differences were progressive even for contemporary standards.
The morning in their clinic started with the kinds of executions with music, and children follow their games in the afternoon.
Instead of blaming the parents of causing autism, Apple described it as a political disability of life that requires compassionate forms of support and spaces adapted during the course of all life.
Instead of treating children in their clinic as patients, Aspen called them their little teachers, and he dedicated to help in the development of education methods that were especially appropriate for them.
fundamentally, Asperger saw autism as a diverse continuum that was facing an amazing variety of disorders and disability.
He believed that autism and autistic traits were common and they've always been looking at the aspects of this continuum in archives known in pop culture as the strange social scientist and the distributed teacher.
He was beyond even to say, that for success in science and art, an autism fish is essential.
Lord and Judith found that Danny was wrong in which autism was infectious, so the parents were the causes.
In the next few years, they worked silently with the American Association of psychiatrists to expand the criteria of diagnostics that reflect the diversity of what they called an autistic "Pear."
At the end of the '80s and early '90s, their changes came into sea, using the limited model of Kanzi for a broad and even Apple approach.
These changes didn't fall in a broken basis.
Cast, when Lord and Judy worked between the foundations to reform these criteria, people around the world see an autistic adult for the first time.
Before Raily Man came out in 1988, just a little circle, that I knew what the autism was, but after the countless act of Duke Hollard and the recognition of Rai Man, with four awards from the Academy -- people, psychologists, teachers and parents around the world knew what autism was.
At the same time, they introduced the first clinical trials to use to diagnose autism.
It didn't have to have a connection with that little experts of experts to get a diagnosis for his son.
The combination of Rai Man, the changes in the criteria and the introduction of these tests created a network effect, a perfect storm of the awareness of autism.
The number of diagnostics started to reduce, like Lord and Judai predicted that it was, getting people with autism and their families finally got the support and the services that were meant to be.
So Andrew Walmart came to blame vaccines for the increase in diagnosis -- a simple, powerful, completely bad story as bad as the Kannah theory that autism was infected.
If the current estimate of the prevention center that one out of 68 children in America are in the spectrum, it's right, the autistic are one of the largest minority groups in the world.
In the last few years, autistic people have joined on the Internet to reject the idea that they are the puzzles to solve for the new medical advances by taking the term neurons, to celebrate the variations of human cognition.
One way to understand neuroscience is to think about human operating systems.
The fact that a PC doesn't work with Windows doesn't mean it's broken.
According to autistic standards, the normal human brain is easily distributing, obviously social, and suffers from a deficit deficit to detail.
No doubt, autistic people have difficulty to live in a world not built for them.
70 years later, we're still getting to Asperger's who believed that the cure for the most compelling aspects of autism are found in the understanding of teachers, employers with capacity, computer communities, and parents with faith in the potential of their children.
An autistic woman named Zero Zambians once said, "We need all the hands in charge to make the boat of humanity.
As we navigate towards an uncertain future, we need all the forms of human intelligence on the planet to address the challenges that we face as a society.
We can't afford to waste no brain.
Thank you.
